The Associate will participate in all aspects of originating, structuring and executing financing 
transactions. Additionally, the Associate will be given significant responsibility and will receive 
direct C-suite client exposure, deal experience and opportunity for advancement. 
.	In most assignments, the Associate: 
.	Manages all aspects of execution of investment banking transactions 
.	Prepares complex leveraged finance models to analyze financing alternatives for 
various transactions 
.	Works with team members to develop and review deal related materials, including 
marketing materials (CIMs, OMs, lender presentations, rating agencies presentations, etc.) 
and legal documentation 
.	Prepares pitch books and presentations focused on client, company and industry 
analysis Performs business research, comparables analysis, due diligence and covenant / 
credit analysis Assists in training, development and oversight of junior team members 
.	Facilitates key processes associated with business activities 
.	Qualified candidates typically possess a combination of the following attributes: 
.	A . degree with strong undergraduate academic performance 2-4 years of 
experience in investment banking, investment management and / or corporate finance 
.	A developed understanding of credit, corporate debt products and corporate debt 
agreements 
.	Prior experience with and advanced working knowledge of financial modeling 
.	Strong finance, math and reasoning skills 
.	Highly motivated with excellent interpersonal skills
.	Strong written and verbal communication skills 
.	PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: . Participate in the execution of equity and debt 
financings, M&A, and restructuring and recapitalization transactions. . Ability to operate as 
project / deal team lead, driving the work product and transaction processes. . Perform 
financial valuation, discounted cash flow, pro forma merger, precedent transaction, and 
comparable companies analyses. . Prepare pitch books and live deal materials, including 
offering memoranda, confidential information memoranda, management presentations, 
lender presentations, and prospectuses. . Build financial / three-statement operating models. . 
Conduct industry and product research. Minimum Requirements . Bachelor’s degree from an 
accredited college or university AND 3+ years of Investment Banking experience in Industrials 
or a sector coverage group . MBA degree (or equivalent graduate degree) from an 
accredited college or university AND 1-3 years of Investment Banking experience in 
Industrials or a sector coverage group . Supervise and direct junior bankers in the preparation 
of pitch books and live deal materials, including offering memoranda, confidential 
information memoranda, management presentations, lender presentations and 
prospectuses . Analyze business plans and participate in due diligence sessions . Financial 
modeling coursework, training, or experience . Live in New York City or willing to relocate . 
Series 63 & 79 preferred
.	The ideal candidate will be highly motivated, have strong analytical experience and 
have excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Given Cantor Fitzgerald s 
entrepreneurial environment, the firm expects team members to assume increasing levels of 
responsibility. Team members will work closely with senior bankers in small deal teams to 
execute and analyze a range of M&A transactions.



RESPONSIBILITIES

* Preparing client presentations and other written materials

* Transaction execution involving direct client interaction and communication

* Conducting extensive financial modeling and valuation

* Assessing industry and company-specific research and trends

* Developing internal memorandums

* Coordination of various processes related to transaction execution

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

* 2-3 years of experience in investment banking

* Bachelor s degree from a leading university in finance, accounting or economics with a 
record of strong academic achievement

* Strong writing skills

* Strong financial modeling/valuation and analytical abilities

* Proven ability to work well both independently and as part of a team

* Exceptional work ethic, and interpersonal and time management skills

* Highly organized, proactive and detail oriented

* Outstanding ethics, integrity, and judgment
.	As an Associate, you will act as a key team member in our Investment Banking team. 
.	Key tasks and responsibilities may include but are not limited to:
.	 . Developing and maintaining complex financial models 
.	. Performing various financial analyses, including valuations and merger 
consequences 
.	. Conducting comprehensive and in-depth company and industry research 
.	. Preparing presentation and other materials for clients 
.	. Participating in due diligence sessions 
.	. Communicating and interacting with deal team members, across products & 
industries 
.	. Managing several projects at once and working effectively as an individual and as 
part of a team . Play a key role supporting origination, opportunity evaluation and deal 
execution, working on abroad scope of assignments and products within an industry group 
.	. Team members work closely with senior bankers in day-to-day client coverage and 
are expected to make an immediate contribution 
.	 
.	. 1 - 3 years of experience in Investment Banking 
.	. MBA degree with outstanding academic qualifications 
.	. A track record of superior performance in extracurricular and professional activities 
.	. Strong quantitative/analytical skills, attention to detail and client focus 
.	. Strategic and creative thinking skills; distinguished written and oral communications 
skills 
.	. Assertiveness, initiative, leadership, strong work ethic, team focus
.	. Ability to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities

.	An Associate is expected to understand the implications, identify key industry and 
product trends and provide input on pitch and deal materials to enhance the ultimate 
deliverable to our clients. Associates are assigned to a variety of projects and are given a 
broad range of responsibilities, some of which include:

.	Conduct extensive quantitative economic, industry and company research and 
analysis
.	Draft and prepare pitch books with detailed industry materials for multiple 
healthcare sectors 
.	Conduct and model a broad range of corporate finance alternatives and due 
diligence for client transactions including M&A, strategic alternatives, capital structure 
development, acquisition finance and syndicated loan and capital market financing 
.	Financial modeling, valuation, comparable & relative value analyses and market-
specific analysis . Facilitate and coordinate product group idea generation and solutions 
development across a broad platform of global capabilities 
.	Draft client pitches and marketing materials including M&A, public/private debt & 
equity capital markets, syndicated bank financing, and other internal documentation by 
coordinating internal and external resources 
.	Assist in financing structuring, underwriting transaction evaluation, preparation, due 
diligence and execution 
.	Assist in the development and continued cultivation of client relationships 
.	 : 
.	Bachelors degree in Finance or Economics and a minimum of 3 year investment 
banking, corporate finance, and capital markets experience with a top tier global bank OR 
an MBA concentrating on Finance or Economics 
.	Strong interest and understanding of the Healthcare industry; experience with 
banking transaction related to the Healthcare industry is a huge plus 
.	Knowledge of corporate finance, securities, financial markets and risk & pricing 
analysis
.	Aptitude to synthesize large amounts of information and develop innovative ideas 
and/or product solutions . Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously 
.	Maturity and good judgement in handling confidential and sensitive information 
.	Ability to work under pressure and adhere to tight deadlines 
.	Strong written and oral communication skills and ability to convey ideas 
.	Creativity and intellectual curiosity 
.	Ability to work independently and must be able to work effectively in a team 
environment 
.	Our client, A family-owned real estate investment company is looking to hire an 
acquisiton analyst to their team RESPONSIBILITIES: 
.	Perform detailed financial modeling incorporating discounted cash flow analysis, 
direct cap method, sales comp analysis, 
.	various debt scenarios and sensitivity tables; Underwrite office, multi-family, retail and 
industrial investments located in the United States. 
.	Analyze IRR projections, Promote calculations, Waterfall structures and Cash Flow 
forecasts.
.	Utilize AE/ DCF software to project property cash flows through rent, expense, tenant 
cost and other global assumptions. 
.	Prepare acquisition materials including but not limited to: .
.	Capitalization tables; Net asset value analyses; Implied Cap Rate analyses; future 
cash flows; Consolidated debt . overviews and net present value analyses for public and 
private real estate operating companies; Investment . Committee memos, Debt proposals, 
Go Hard memos, Post-Closing material and any other necessary documents needed as part 
of the acquisition process. . Review of financial packages as needed. . Conduct market 
research including market rents, sales comps and operating costs analysis. . Physically inspect 
properties across the United States for possible acquisitions. . Manage due diligence process 
and assist in the disposition process. . Develop a relationship with potential joint venture 
partners or brokers for acquisitions. . Perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. . 
Qualification . Bachelor’s in Accounting, Finance, Economics, or related degree . Excellent 
modeling skills is a must . Proven acumen in leveraging Excel on an expert basis . Strong 
analytical skills, ability to work independently and part of a team . Excellent written and 
verbal communication and analytical skills . Results-oriented, strong organizational and time 
management skills with the ability to multi-task Note: Qualified candidates will be contacted 
within 2 business days of application. If an applicant does not meet the above criteria, we 
will keep your resume on file for future opportunities and may contact you for further 
discussion


.	Produce presentations and analysis for BXMT's management team 
.	Assist with public company reporting production (e.g. Board materials and SEC 
reporting) 
.	Provide support for public securities offerings and financing transactions 
.	Execute ad hoc projects, and generate weekly, monthly, and quarterly reporting for 
investors and management team 
.	Coordinate with the investment team, asset management, and operations team to 
understand the latest performance and composition of BXMT's business and loan portfolio : 
Blackstone seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent, have sound 
judgment, and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. 
.	The successful candidate must have: 
.	BS (or above) in Finance, Accounting, or Economics with a strong GPA 
.	Four to six years of professional experience 
.	Prior work experience in real estate finance, banking/capital markets, and/or 
financial reporting . Strong written and verbal communication skills . Strong analytical and 
quantitative skills, particularly using Excel; comfort working with large data sets and the ability 
to identify data inconsistencies and patterns . Ability to produce creative, compelling, 
detailed materials; strong proficiency in PowerPoint . Ability to multi?task and execute a wide 
range of assignments; strong time management skills
.	Responsibilities . Develop cash flow projection models with respect to investments, 
including direct investments, joint ventures, developments, structured finance, and 
performing/non-performing loan portfolios . Assist with all due diligence relating to new 
investments, including the review of business plans, third party reports, title/survey, historical 
financial statements, leases, vendor contracts, and market research . Assist with deal 
execution, including drafting and negotiating acquisition and joint venture term sheets, and 
reviewing deal documentation . Assist in underwriting of CMBS bonds . Procure asset level 
debt financing and implement hedging mechanisms as necessary . Support asset 
management of fund investments, including developing and executing business plans, and 
managing relationships with joint venture partners and third party service providers . Monitor 
and analyze the financial performance of investments . Create and maintain portfolio 
models as necessary . Prepare detailed Investment Committee memos and presentations . 
Support the development of new business initiatives in commercial real estate for PIMCO  
Requirements: Requirements . 1-3 years of relevant real estate investment banking, private 
equity experience or direct commercial real estate operator/developer experience. Asset-
level underwriting experience highly preferred. . Exceptional financial modeling skills and 
proficiency in Argus . Outstanding academic credentials and demonstrated leadership 
capabilities . Strong work ethic and integrity; candidate should be a team player who is 
proactive and self-motivated . Strong analytical, interpersonal communication, and writing 
skills . Ability to work effectively on multiple projects simultaneously

.	Through our unparalleled training and mentorship program, you will master the art of 
real estate sales while working with amazing people in a dynamic culture. Sales experience is 
appreciated but not necessary. Coachability is required. What you can expect when you 
join: . Training - Our nationally recognized training program prepares newer team members 
for their career in commercial real estate. Our training is thorough and covers real estate 
sales, with lots of discussion, online work, role playing and analysis. For experienced 
professionals, our program will enhance your existing skills. . Mentorship - Our mentorship 
program enables new agents to learn from the best in the business in personal, one-on-one 
relationships. . Coaching - Our continuous development coaching is considered the best in 
the industry. Weekly coaching is provided in a small group setting by experienced 
managers. . Earning Potential - Marcus & Millichap closes 4.5 transactions every business hour 
- more than any other investment brokerage firm in the nation. . Culture - We are a culture of 
enterprising, charismatic salespeople, all driven towards the same goals. . Collaboration - 
MNet, our proprietary listing system, offers our agents the ability to view all active listings 
within the firm, and bring qualified buyers to any of our 3,000 listings across the nation. This 
culture of collaboration and information sharing is a founding principal of the firm. . Growth - 
Many of our top agents, regional managers, and executives began their careers as new 
agents at Marcus & Millichap. If you are searching for a long-term career, you should 
consider us. A day in the life of our agents often includes: . Researching ownership records, 
market data and industry trends . Prospecting new client relationships and referral sources . 
Attending networking and industry events . Presenting marketing proposals to clients . 
Negotiating exclusive listing agreements . Marketing exclusive listings to qualified buyers and 
negotiating offers . Advising clients on their individualized real estate investment strategies 
Requirements: . Bachelor's or Associate's degree . Excellent communication skills . 
Entrepreneurial drive . Ability to make and keep relationships in the market . Strong computer 
skills . Track record of success: sports, personal achievements, or leadership roles . Insatiable 
curiosity . Desire to be on a team of positive, success-minded individuals . Real estate license 
(not required for initial interview) #LI-ME1#ZROur mission is to help our clients create and 
preserve wealth by providing the best real estate investment sales, financing, research, and 
advisory services available. Founded in 1971 , Marcus & Millichap (NYSE: MMI) is a leading 
commercial real estate brokerage firm focusing exclusively on investment sales, financing, 
research, and advisory services, with nearly 2,000 investment sales and financing 
professionals in 80 offices throughout the United States and Canada . Marcus & Millichap 
closes 4.5 transactions every business hour - more than any other real estate investment 
brokerage firm in the nation. In 2018, the firm closed 9,472 transactions with a sales volume of 
approximately $46.4 billion . The firm has perfected a powerful property marketing system 
that integrates broker specialization by property type and market area; the industry's most 
comprehensive investment research; a long-standing culture of information sharing; 
relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors; and state-of-the-art technology that 
matches buyers and sellers

.	POSITION: The REGAL Group is actively looking for an experienced Associate for our 
New York office. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:In this role within the REGAL Group you will rapidly 
assume significant responsibilities related to pitching for and executing advisory and capital 
markets transactions for clients. These responsibilities will include the following: . Preparing 
and participating in the delivery of client presentations . Compiling a variety of financial 
analyses such as valuation, pro forma, and three statement operational models . Analyzing 
business plans and participating in due diligence sessions . Drafting private and public 
marketing materials such as offering memoranda, confidential information memoranda, and 
S-11 registration statements . Leading drafting sessions . Preparing and managing the delivery 
of internal deal memos These responsibilities afford direct and active interaction with the 
senior executive management teams of our clients. In this role within the REGAL Group, one is 
expected to attend and participate in client meetings and contribute to building and 
maintaining client relationships. You will work on several projects simultaneously with teams of 
professionals, both from within the group and across the firm, including with product partners 
such as bankers in our Leveraged Finance, Equity Capital Markets, M&A, High Yield, 
Investment Grade and Restructuring teams. You will have significant exposure to Managing 
Directors throughout the firm as we collaborate to develop and execute solutions to meet 
client needs. 
.	REQUIRED BACKGROUND: . Either (i) a Masters in Business Administration and 1-3 
years of investment banking experience as an Associate; or (ii) an undergraduate degree 
and 3 years of Real Estate investment banking experience, most recently as an Associate . 
Past experience working in a Real Estate Group or with Real Estate sector clients . Strong 
technical, written and verbal communication skills . Familiarity with investment banking 
modeling concepts . Ability to manage a variety of transactions and projects simultaneously . 
Ability to coordinate and direct workflow of analysts on multiple projects simultaneously . 
Resourceful self-starter, able to work autonomously and as team player . Currently live in New 
York City or willing to relocate
.	The  Responsibilities 
.	Analyze real estate investment opportunities (equity and debt) within the Credit 
Fund business by building financial models 
.	Create one-page investment memoranda to summarize analytic findings for senior 
management . Work with senior members of group to decide which investment opportunities 
should be sent to senior management for review based on analysis of deal and financials . 
Work with the investment team to determine the structure of the investment 
.	Review legal documents with outside counsel and financial sponsor groups to ensure 
that financial terms, liabilities and representations are favorable to Fortress in order to close 
new investments . Stay current on financial markets and competitive trends and use this 
expertise in the due diligence and evaluation process . Underwrite and value real estate . 
Participate in regular meetings with senior management on valuation and structure of the 
deals . Perform property level Due Diligence and market studies
.	 . At least one to three years of experience working in the real estate finance 
industry; preferably Real Estate Investment Banking . A Bachelor’s degree from a top 
university with a GPA of at least 3.5 . Strong quantitative, written and oral communication 
skills . Advanced knowledge of Excel, Powerpoint, and Argus




.	GROUP : Jefferies' Real Estate Gaming & Lodging (“REGAL“) Group offers a full range 
of investment banking services to the Real Estate industry. Our diverse client base covers a 
broad spectrum of companies, including those in sectors such as Residential, Office, 
Industrial, Retail, Storage, Casino Operators, Lodging and Leisure. The REGAL Group consists 
of a team of over 20 bankers focused on providing services to clients in these industries in 
North and South America, Europe and Asia. POSITION: The REGAL Group is actively looking 
for an experienced Associate for our New York office. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: In this role 
within the REGAL Group you will rapidly assume significant responsibilities related to pitching 
for and executing advisory and capital markets transactions for clients. These responsibilities 
will include the following: . Preparing and participating in the delivery of client presentations . 
Compiling a variety of financial analyses such as valuation, pro forma, and three statement 
operational models . Analyzing business plans and participating in due diligence sessions . 
Drafting private and public marketing materials such as offering memoranda, confidential 
information memoranda, and S-11 registration statements . Leading drafting sessions . 
Preparing and managing the delivery of internal deal memos These responsibilities afford 
direct and active interaction with the senior executive management teams of our clients. In 
this role within the REGAL Group, one is expected to attend and participate in client 
meetings and contribute to building and maintaining client relationships. You will work on 
several projects simultaneously with teams of professionals, both from within the group and 
across the firm, including with product partners such as bankers in our Leveraged Finance, 
Equity Capital Markets, M&A, High Yield, Investment Grade and Restructuring teams. You will 
have significant exposure to Managing Directors throughout the firm as we collaborate to 
develop and execute solutions to meet client needs.REQUIRED BACKGROUND: . Either (i) a 
Masters in Business Administration and 1-3 years of investment banking experience as an 
Associate; or (ii) an undergraduate degree and 3 years of Real Estate investment banking 
experience, most recently as an Associate . Past experience working in a Real Estate Group 
or with Real Estate sector clients . Strong technical, written and verbal communication skills . 
Familiarity with investment banking modeling concepts . Ability to manage a variety of 
transactions and projects simultaneously . Ability to coordinate and direct workflow of 
analysts on multiple projects simultaneously . Resourceful self-starter, able to work 
autonomously and as team player . Currently live in New York City or willing to relocate
.	The  . Analyze real estate investment opportunities (equity and debt) within the 
Credit Fund business by building financial models . Create one-page investment 
memoranda to summarize analytic findings for senior management . Work with senior 
members of group to decide which investment opportunities should be sent to senior 
management for review based on analysis of deal and financials . Work with the investment 
team to determine the structure of the investment . Review legal documents with outside 
counsel and financial sponsor groups to ensure that financial terms, liabilities and 
representations are favorable to Fortress in order to close new investments . Stay current on 
financial markets and competitive trends and use this expertise in the due diligence and 
evaluation process . Underwrite and value real estate . Participate in regular meetings with 
senior management on valuation and structure of the deals . Perform property level Due 
Diligence and market studies  . At least one to three years of experience working in the real 
estate finance industry; preferably Real Estate Investment Banking . A Bachelor's degree from 
a top university with a GPA of at least 3.5 . Strong quantitative, written and oral 
communication skills . Advanced knowledge of Excel, Powerpoint, and Argus
.	: TigerRisk Capital Markets & Advisory (TCMA) is seeking a highly motivated, 
experienced analyst/associate to join our Investment Banking Team in New York City. Formed 
in 2015, TigerRisk Capital Markets & Advisory is the investment banking division of TigerRisk 
Partners and is exclusively focused on the insurance industry. TigerRisk Partners, formed in 
2008, is a privately-held reinsurance broker and risk/capital management advisor with a 
selective list of current and prospective customers. We focus on challenging the status quo 
where both customers and reinsurance clients benefit from our market knowledge and 
innovative analytical platform.
.	Responsibilities will include: . Lead coverage on two or three REIT subsectors. 
Experience covering Healthcare, Retail, Apartments, and/or Self-Storage REITs is a plus. . 
Helping to manage a team of multiple Associates. . Maintaining strong relationships with 
institutional investors, in addition to internal sales and trading personnel. . Maintaining 
relationships with industry contacts and leveraging those relationships to improve research 
quality and delivery. . Executing corporate access events including company non-deal 
roadshows and property tours. . Frequent travel is required. About 20-25" of time
.	Primary Responsibilities:
A new analyst/associate will play an integral role on our teams, providing analytical support 
on mergers and acquisitions, public and private capital offerings, insurance-linked security 
(ILS) offerings and other financial advisory services for our clients. Analysts / Associates on the 
TCMA team will be heavily involved in the following tasks:
.	Preparation of company valuations including using various methodologies including 
discounted cash flow, leveraged buyout, trading comparables and transaction 
comparables;
.	Preparation of company marketing documents and client presentations in addition 
to performing research and various analyses in support of new business generation; 
.	Participate in the origination and execution of M&A, equity, debt and ILS 
transactions;
.	Build detailed financial models to evaluate performance under various operating 
scenarios and to analyze the impacts of different capital structures and potential M&A 
transactions; 
.	Prepare presentation materials for use in client meetings; covering topics such as 
strategic alternatives, capital markets activity and general corporate finance; 
.	Participate in all stages of transaction executions, from the pitch phase through 
closing. Analysts / Associates develop their skills through broad and frequent exposure to 
both other junior and senior bankers. You will gain a strong career foundation in financial 
services. Our analysts / associates are the anchors of each team and are expected to make 
a personal impact right from the start. You will work on some of the biggest deals in insurance 
investment banking, interact with clients almost immediately, travel for the firm and handle 
increasingly important responsibilities.
.	
:
The ideal candidate will have (i) an enduring work ethic and track record of success; (ii) the 
ability to function equally well in both a team setting and on a self-directed basis; and (iii) 
excellent mathematical, writing, verbal and computer skills. Key required qualifications 
include:

.	2+ years of investment banking experience as a FIG Analyst or Associate; or 3+ years 
of investment banking, management consulting, accounting, or other relevant financial 
services industry experience (preferably with a focus on the (re)insurance sector)
.	Demonstrated academic achievement and excellence outside of academics;
.	Excellent written and verbal skills; 
.	Ability to work independently and as part of a team;
.	Demonstrated ability to work in a time sensitive environment and under pressure with 
tight deadlines; 
.	Ability to multi-task with strong attention to detail; 
.	Ready to assume a high level of responsibility; 
.	Bachelor’s Degree required; well-rounded academic background, with coursework 
in finance, economics, mathematics, or actuarial science is preferred; 
.	Demonstrated leadership abilities;
.	Solid interest in the financial sector;
.	Excellent PC skills; advanced knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint a must;
.	Series 7, 79, and/or 63 licenses preferred;

.	Responsibilities
.	Build financial models and analytic content
.	Interface with clients, be able to explain complex systems proficiently and efficiently
.	Understand the client’s business and the tasks that need to accomplish
.	Give and solicit feedback on decisions made amongst the team
.	Learn and develop new skills as needed
.	Assist with design and testing of new system modeling and reporting capabilities

.	Skills
.	Comfortable reverse engineering business financial models and complex reports
.	Able to assess problems and create systematic solutions
.	Strong communication and collaboration skills
.	Strong task and time management skills

.	Requirements
.	2-3 Years Excel experience
.	The ability to solve problems with confident explanations and compelling arguments
.	Strong intuition and the ability to think at a higher level
.	Being comfortable in a startup-like environment on a small team
.	Experience with Commercial Loans, Real Estate, Structured Financing, Budgeting 
helpful

.	Technical Skills
.	Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite
.	Intermediate to Advanced Excel User
.	Knowledge of SQL/database structures a plus
.	Report Writing Tools
.	Responsibilities

.	Support the International Business Operations process, keeping the team focused on 
data driven deliverables as part of our international growth initiatives
.	Provide insights and own reporting, data validation, and presenting data in a format 
that allows the team and management to make strategic decisions
.	Search, validate, and maintain data to develop reports and scorecards aligned to 
business needs and ongoing team initiatives
.	Proactively identify problems through quantitative and qualitative data analysis and 
help support the international team in developing solutions
.	Partner cross-functionally across the business to ensure consistent achievement of 
our international operational plan and growth goals
.	

.	

.	3+ years experience in a Business Operations, Analytics, or relevant data driven 
support roles
.	Advanced Excel/google sheets skills including pivots, vlookups, ability to build 
complex formulas
.	Mastery of SQL and experience with BI reporting (i.e. Chart.io, Looker) and 
databases (dimensional and relational), including data ingestion. Python knowledge 
preferred
.	Ability to transform data into a digestible and presentable story based on the 
audience and confidence and expertise in communicating effectively with a wide-range of 
audiences
.	Bias toward producing output and answering "so what" questions
.	Strong attention to detail
.	Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills
.	Strong ability to devise data-driven solutions to business problems
.	Ability to drive impact by thoughtfully tackling open-ended problems


.	Responsibilities

.	Support the International Business Operations process, keeping the team focused on 
data driven deliverables as part of our international growth initiatives
.	Provide insights and own reporting, data validation, and presenting data in a format 
that allows the team and management to make strategic decisions
.	Search, validate, and maintain data to develop reports and scorecards aligned to 
business needs and ongoing team initiatives
.	Proactively identify problems through quantitative and qualitative data analysis and 
help support the international team in developing solutions
.	Partner cross-functionally across the business to ensure consistent achievement of 
our international operational plan and growth goals
.	

.	

.	3+ years experience in a Business Operations, Analytics, or relevant data driven 
support roles
.	Advanced Excel/google sheets skills including pivots, vlookups, ability to build 
complex formulas
.	Mastery of SQL and experience with BI reporting (i.e. Chart.io, Looker) and 
databases (dimensional and relational), including data ingestion. Python knowledge 
preferred
.	Ability to transform data into a digestible and presentable story based on the 
audience and confidence and expertise in communicating effectively with a wide-range of 
audiences
.	Bias toward producing output and answering "so what" questions
.	Strong attention to detail
.	Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills
.	Strong ability to devise data-driven solutions to business problems
.	Ability to drive impact by thoughtfully tackling open-ended problems

.	Technology partners with strats, sales, traders, and franchise managers in FICC 
market making businesses to understand and quantify opportunities, inefficiencies and 
workflow obstacles. We develop intuitive and relevant analytics to optimize business leaders’ 
decision making and, partnering with FAST strats, convert data-driven insights into action by 
embedding those analytics into simple front-line sales and trading workflow tools.

As a front-office engineer on the FAST team, you will be at the forefront of a data-driven 
initiative to optimize decision making across multiple asset classes. This role will focus on 
Python development within our natural language parsing platform. You will be responsible for 
working closely with sales and trading to optimize workflow via NLP as well as building a 
scalable and robust platform.

How You Will Fulfill Your Potential

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

.	Exposure to aspects of trading in various fixed income products
.	Connectivity with traders, salespeople, strategists and multiple areas of Technology 
in a dynamic environment
.	Overall, this role will draw upon your knowledge of programming and analytical skills: 
you will be challenged to rapidly prototype early-stage solutions. Data-driven insights from 
usage patterns and user feedback will drive you to condense your work into simple and 
efficient real-time workflow tools. You will also be required to think strategically on a higher 
level, proposing new business metrics or suggesting alternatives. As you gain expertise in the 
dynamics of the trading business, you will have the opportunity to dive deeper into your 
areas of interest.
.	Skills And Experience We Are Looking For

.	Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or 
related technical discipline
.	Experience in software development, including a clear understanding of data 
structures, algorithms, software design and core programming concepts
.	Comfortable multi-tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a 
team
.	Excellent communication skills including experience speaking to technical and 
business audiences and working globally
.	Expertise in Java, Javascript and/or Python
.	Can apply an entrepreneurial approach and passion to problem solving and 
product development
.	Strong problem solving and analytical skills
.	Interest in fixed income products
.	

.	Knowledge of trading technologies in the front-office of a trading organization
.	Experience in fixed income asset classes
.	Strong programming experience in at least one compiled language (e.g. C++, Java)
.	In-depth knowledge of relational and columnar SQL databases, including database 
design
.	ROLES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
.	Design and develop data engineering solutions using Python to solve business 
problems.
.	Work closely with Product Managers and Implementation team to build robust and 
efficient data pipelines through automation.
.	Design and develop data analysis tools to generate actionable insights based on 
customer and team generated requirements
.	Liaise with external parties and clients to determine appropriate data pipelines and 
deploy high quality code in mission-critical production environments
.	Continually improve the reliability, stability, and performance of production data 
engineering processes that power the product offering
.	Stay up-to-date with latest technologies to optimize the performance of the extract, 
transform and load process.
.	Beyond engineering, a successful candidate will always strive to learn the business 
context of their projects to quickly play a leading role in solving problems and driving 
decisions

.	BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
.	BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
.	At least 2+ years of professional experience writing Python
.	Strong SQL skills

.	PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
.	Experience architecting and deploying Python data processes in a production 
capacity
.	Practical Data Science experience using Python or R
.	Experience with cloud platforms and deployments
.	Excellent communicator, both written and verbal
.	Able to work independently with minimal direction when appropriate
.	Experience in the finance industry or knowledge of financial products/markets is a 
plu

.	Responsibilities:

.	Strategic initiatives: Work on all aspects of strategic projects for the global client 
coverage organization including developing detailed economic models, working with key 
stakeholders to develop business recommendations, and aggregating all recommendations 
into clearly articulated end to end business plans
.	Industry trends: Research various industry trends and maintain dynamic assessment 
of opportunities for Neuberger Berman based on industry flows and shifting investor demand
.	Competitor analysis: Research competitor models and approaches across 
geographies, distribution channels and client segments; stay abreast of competitor strategy 
and priorities

.	Requirements:

.	Bachelor’s degree required with strong academic credentials
.	1-2 years of experience in strategy, management consulting, or banking preferred, 
but not required
.	Knowledge of asset and wealth management a plus
.	Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
.	Excellent analytical, research (primary and secondary), and oral and written 
communication skills
.	Team player with strong work ethic – must possess intellectual curiosity and be eager 
to learn
.	Ability to manage and prioritize multiple strategic projects and thrive in a fast-paced 
environment
.	Professional demeanor; comfortable interacting with senior management

.	Who You Are

An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following 
requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to 
helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, 
and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. 
Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning 
existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and 
mathematically driven.

To Be Successful, You Need

.	Drive and eagerness to learn
.	Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills
.	Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and 
contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport
.	Ability to think analytically in solving problems
.	What’s the experience?

As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the 
program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your 
apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your 
personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies 
through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the 
way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other 
apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your 
professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, 
putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the  
done just like any other IBMer.

Relocation funding is not available for this role.

ncappx

.	Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program
.	Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis
.	Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, 
PHP, C#, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F#, 
Clojure)
.	An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school 
advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred
.	Python Programming knowledge

.	Conduct extensive quantitative economic, industry and company research and 
analysis
.	Draft and prepare pitch books with detailed industry materials for multiple 
healthcare sectors 
.	Conduct and model a broad range of corporate finance alternatives and due 
diligence for client transactions including M&A, strategic alternatives, capital structure 
development, acquisition finance and syndicated loan and capital market financing 
.	Financial modeling, valuation, comparable & relative value analyses and market-
specific analysis . Facilitate and coordinate product group idea generation and solutions 
development across a broad platform of global capabilities 
.	Draft client pitches and marketing materials including M&A, public/private debt & 
equity capital markets, syndicated bank financing, and other internal documentation by 
coordinating internal and external resources 
.	Assist in financing structuring, underwriting transaction evaluation, preparation, due 
diligence and execution 
.	Assist in the development and continued cultivation of client relationships 
.	Developing and maintaining complex financial models 
.	Performing various financial analyses, including valuations and merger 
consequences 
.	Conducting comprehensive and in-depth company and industry research 
.	Preparing presentation and other materials for clients 
.	Participating in due diligence sessions 
.	Communicating and interacting with deal team members, across products & 
industries 
.	Managing several projects at once and working effectively as an individual and as 
part of a team . Play a key role supporting origination, opportunity evaluation and deal 
execution, working on abroad scope of assignments and products within an industry group 
.	Team members work closely with senior bankers in day-to-day client coverage and 
are expected to make an immediate contribution 
.	NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957), United States of America, New York, New York

.	CAPITAL ONE
At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still 
founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a 
mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to 
banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they 
exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and 
openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that 
teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and 
obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for 
their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. 
Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Senior Business Analyst - People Analytics

As a Senior Business Analyst at Capital One, you will apply your strategic and analytical skills 
to major company challenges. You will team with world-class professionals to develop and 
test strategies that ultimately impact the bottom line. And you will do it all in a collaborative 
environment that values your insight, encourages you to take on new responsibility, promotes 
continuous learning, and rewards innovation.

Specific Responsibilities Include, 

.	Analysis: Identify business challenges and opportunities for improvement and solve 
for them using analysis to make strategic or tactical recommendations
.	Product: Perform modeling/analytics to assist new product and pricing strategies for 
various lending products
.	Marketing: Support direct-to-consumer marketing efforts for select products, and 
strategic intent for products distributed through the retail channel. Help build targeted 
insights to inform the design and development of new customer experiences, as well as 
breakthrough technology and concepts designed to deliver on new go to market strategies
.	Credit Risk: Support step-change improvements in credit performance by 
connecting drivers of future consumer credit trends to historical behavior, creating risk 
models, and testing hypotheses using rigorous monitoring and analysis
.	Execution: Involve problem frame-works, develop hypotheses, test and analysis, 
solution development, scope operational feasibility, lead implementation efforts and 
develop a monitoring plan
.	Partnership: Work closely with colleagues across Capital One including: IT, Sales, 
Operations, Finance and others to drive improvement in quality, volume, service, and 
profitability
.	Strategic & analytic orientation: A proven track record of decision making and 
problem solving based on analytics. Conceptual thinking skills must be complemented by a 
strong quantitative orientation, given that a large part of the business is based on rigorous 
analytic marketing & credit risk management
.	Strong business judgment, leadership and integrity: He/she should be a tenacious 
decision maker, able to bring a healthy, aggressive, yet responsible approach to business
.	Strong communication skills: Impeccable written and oral communication 
credentials, coupled with strategic influencing skills and the ability to drive agreement 
through intellect, interpersonal and negotiation skills
.	Clear results orientation: Display an intense focus on achieving both short and long 
term goals. He/she should be able to drive and execute an agenda in an uncertain and fluid 
environment
.	Successful track record of thriving in a fast paced, entrepreneurial and dynamic 
environment. Previous consulting experience is a plus

.	Basic 

.	Bachelor’s Degree
.	At least 1 year of experience in analysis

.	

.	Master’s Degree
.	1+ years of experience in Statistical model building
.	1+ years of experience in market research
.	1+ years of experience in SQL querying
.	2+ years of experience in business analysis
.	1+ years of experience in consulting

.	Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment 
authorization for this position.

 Category - Strategy, Analytics, Sponsored, Company Builders, Product Innovators


.	Associate Data Scientist SNKRS NIKE
.	BA/BS degree required; a focus in statistics, econometrics, applied math, or a 
quantitative behavioral sciences field strongly preferred
.	2+ years’ experience doing quantitative analysis on digital products or digital 
marketing experiences is a plus

.	Required Skills

.	Ability to work in multiple data environments and perform complex joins, data 
cleaning, and feature creation using SQL or SQL based languages (Hive) is required
.	Experience with statistical software, e.g., R or Python
.	Experience working with real-world, structured and unstructured data
.	Experience with data visualization, e.g., Tableau
.	Experience analyzing and manipulating data sets to understand patterns and 
provide insights
.	Excellent communications skills, in particular, the ability to communicate technical 
content to general audience
.	Core mathematical ability to understand and apply state-of-the-art machine 
learning algorithms and/or statistical modeling

.	Responsibilities

Quant Rotational Associates participate in four, six-month rotations across AB’s investment 
groups. Associates are hired into one department with the opportunity to rotate across the 
Fixed Income, Multi-Asset Solutions, Equities, and Data Science departments. Associates will 
learn skills across multiple disciplines to enable them to be the next generation of investors.

Research and portfolio management: The core of the program focuses on four rotations 
focusing on different aspects within the quantitative discipline. While the exact mix of 
rotations will vary, all rotations will provide exposure to model estimation, portfolio 
construction, security selection, and industry and company analysis. Associates will be 
mentored by senior analysts and interact closely with portfolio managers and other senior 
investment professionals. Representative rotations include: developing models and tools to 
identify investment opportunities and risks across the global markets, evaluating non-
traditional datasets to create new alpha and risk factors, exploring machine learning and 
other data science techniques to enhance existing models, collaborating with investment 
teams to research specific portfolio controversies, and collaborating with members in other 
asset classes to find cross market signals.

Next generation investing skills: Associates will also complete a rotation in a complementary 
area that will enable them to develop a comprehensive understanding of the entire 
investment management process. Representative rotations include: Data Science, trading, 
risk management, wealth management and ESG (environmental / social / governance).



We are seeking talented, highly-motivated undergraduate students who have demonstrated 
significant academic achievement, intellectual curiosity and an interest in financial services. 
AB’s Quant Rotational Associate Program is designed to provide a select group of graduates 
with first-hand exposure to careers in asset management, investment research and financial 
services.

Candidates should be top academic performers, be interested in the investment 
management industry and meet the following criteria:

.	May or June 2020 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in financial engineering, 
quantitative finance, computer science, statistics, math, physics, operational research, or 
other related quantitative fields strongly preferred
.	Cumulative GPA of 3.3 or better
.	Detail-oriented, ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment
.	Ability to build solutions to complex analytical problems and communicate those 
solutions both written and verbally
.	Proficiency working with large amounts of data, and familiar in techniques to identify 
structures and patterns in data
.	Knowledge of at least one programming language, such as Python, C/C++, or Java, 
one statistical language, such as R, and SQL is required
.	Relentless intellectual curiosity and a drive to excel at the highest level
.	Upon successful completion of this program, associates will review available career 
paths with program leaders to determine their next opportunity (based on the firm’s needs 
and the associates’ interests).

How To Apply

Please submit your resume and cover letter . Please rank your preferred department (see 1 st 
paragraph of ) in your cover letter; you may be considered for multiple departments 
simultaneously depending on open positions.

.	
The New York Times seeks a Data Analyst to join our growing Data & Insights Group, which is 
responsible for data analytics, data science and data governance for all New York Times 
offerings, including the newspaper and NYTimes.com .

The successful candidate will enable other analysts to generate insights and reporting from a 
variety of data sources, as well as enable marketers and operations professionals to target 
audiences for cross-channel communications, by creating and supporting automated, 
production-grade data products using SQL and other tools, both independently and in 
partnership with data engineers.

What You’ll Do

.	Design data models to support a variety of reporting, analytics, and targeting use 
cases
.	Implement production-grade SQL ETL pipelines to automate data products
.	Validate datasets, writing test queries and documenting bugs
.	Create system and user documentation for data products
.	Elicit and document requirements for data products and targeting/analytics projects 
from business, operations, and analytics partners, working closely with them to understand 
their objectives, challenges and opportunities
.	Generate insights from first-party data to help drive subscription and retention
.	Consult on experiment design for A/B and multivariate tests; implement tests and 
analyze results
.	Document and communicate findings and insights to stakeholders across the 
company
.	Design, build and automate dashboards
.	Support end users of data platforms

.	Who You Are

.	1-3 years work experience in data analytics or data engineering
.	1+ years work experience manipulating data using code is required

.	Strong analytic SQL skills
.	Python or R experience a plus
.	Familiarity with data exploration / data visualization tools like Tableau, Chartio, etc.
.	1+ years experience with data products development preferred

.	Familiarity with ETL processes
.	Experience creating clean, purpose-built datasets for targeting, analytics, and/or 
reporting
.	Technical writing experience
.	Excellent analytical reasoning competencies and problem-solving skills
.	Experience applying statistics to business problems (especially A/B test designs)
.	Degree in an analytical field such as economics, stats/mathematics, or computer 
science is desired
.	Strong written and verbal communications skills

.	Benefits And Perks

.	We provide competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for employees and 
their families
.	We support responsible retirement planning with a generous 401(k) company match
.	We offer a competitive parental leave
.	We are committed to career development and ongoing learning, and provide 
employees $8,000 annually for tuition reimbursement
.	We have frequent panel discussions and talks by a wide variety of newsmakers and 
industry leaders
.	Join a community committed to the richness of diversity, experiences and talents in 
the world we cover, supported by a variety of employee resource groups

.	Senior Analyst- Data Analytics and Data Science
.	American Express
.	
Purpose Of The Role

In this role, Sr Analyst will be challenged with designing and creating world class customer 
analytics strategies in a very strong partnership with business partners internal to AXP. The 
person will perform data analysis, modeling, synthesize conclusions, communicate and 
present recommendations to partners. The position is part of a highly collaborative 
environment, interacting with and influencing partners across the Global Commercial 
Service’s business at American Express.

Responsibilites


.	Design and implement a comprehensive framework for the triggers program by 
reaching customers at right moments in their journey with Amex.
.	Support and enable the Global Commercial Services Organization with actionable, 
insightful analytical solutions to help the leadership team evaluate and drive business 
performance.
.	Partner with functional leaders, Strategic Business Partners and Senior leaders to 
assess and identify opportunities for better customer engagement and revenue growth.
.	Demonstrate Project Management capabilities to drive execution of ideas and 
results.
.	Work closely with Marketing, Modeling and Finance to create and implement new 
analytical solutions for driving spend enablement, retention through Triggers and cross-sell 
initiatives.
.	Play an important role in communicating and influencing EDA leadership and 
partners (marketing and sales) to help test / roll out the recommended data driven 
analytical initiatives which involves getting buy in from the market, developing test 
framework, deploying and tracking.



.	Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to build and retain 
strong working relationships
.	Ability to interact effectively and deliver compelling messages to business leaders 
across various band levels
.	Demonstrated ability to work independently and across a matrix organization 
partnering with cross-functional teams and external vendors to deliver solutions at top speed
.	Demonstrated ability / proven track record of striking balance between thought 
leadership and converting business needs into analytical plans
.	Strong analytical/conceptual thinking acumen to solve business problems and 
articulate key findings to senior leaders/stakeholders in a succinct and concise manner
.	Ability to project-manage effectively, and manage several concurrent projects 
through collaboration across teams/geographies
.	Expertise in Hive/Python/SQL/SAS
.	Master’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Statistics, Engineering, Physics, 
Mathematics and Economics) or business field preferred.


.	Responsibilities

.	Collaborate with Senior Management to understand business intelligence needs, 
translating strategic business questions into resource/data requirements
.	Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, 
analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions
.	Take dashboard requirements and transfer into rapidly developed prototypes and 
working solutions
.	Write Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) jobs to calculate business metrics
.	Own & manage Venmo’s BI tool & relationship with the 3p provider
.	Develop detailed data mapping and end-to-end process flows
.	Remain detail-oriented while working across a wide variety of projects
.	Collaborate with Data Analytics and Data Warehouse around data and table 
structures to optimize for KPI reporting
.	Be part of a great team, but be capable of operating independently - managing 
relationships, deliverables and expectations with your business partners
.	

.	

.	Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, or 
equivalent work experience
.	3+ years of relevant work experience in analytics, data engineering, business 
intelligence or related field
.	Experience using, writing and optimizing SQL queries in a business environment
.	Experience in business intelligence software (Tableau, Looker, Qlikview, 
MicroStrategy) and ETL software
.	Knowledge of data warehouse technical architecture, infrastructure components, 
ETL and reporting/analytic tools and environments
.	

.	

.	5+ years of experience using Looker
.	5+ years of experience in data visualization
.	Expert in data extraction using SQL
.	Strong analytical, problem solving and critical thinking paired with Intellectual 
curiosity and aptitude in picking up new technical skills
.	Ability to execute fast-paced and dynamic projects in a highly organized manner on 
a tight schedule
.	Work collaboratively across different functions and effectively influence senior 
business partners
.	Degree in Computer Science, IT, Math, Physics, Statistics, Engineering or quantitative 
field
.	Proficient with SQL(Postgres, MySQL, Redshift, Snowflake), Python
.	3+ years of relevant work experience in analytics, data engineering, business 
intelligence or related field
.	Strong communication and presentation skills necessary to build effective working 
relationships and positively influence decision making
.	Strong business acumen
.	Coding proficiency Python and/or R
.	Experience with AWS technologies including Redshift, RDS, S3, EMR


.	
.	2 company alumni

.	Snapchat is the camera used by millions of people every day to Snap with family, 
watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated 
content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the 
best platform in the world for communication and storytelling.

We’re looking for a Data Scientist to join Team Snapchat! Working closely alongside the 
engineering, product design, and product management teams, you will enjoy creating 
inventive, data-based approaches to solving difficult business problems. Working from our 
New York, NY office, you’ll work to transform business questions into data analysis.

What You’ll Do

.	Partner with Product and Engineering and apply your expertise in quantitative 
analysis to create and scale insights
.	Create testable hypotheses, then test them
.	Effectively report your insights via visualization and dashboards that you create
.	Help business and engineering partners make decisions based on data

.	Minimum 

.	Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field
.	3+ years of experience in quantitative analysis & data science or a related field
.	Fluency in SQL or other big data querying language

.	

.	Strong statistical knowledge
.	Master’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field
.	Experience in a product-focused role at a social media and/or mobile technology 
company
.	Experience with analytical packages such as SciPy or R
.	Experience with data pipeline workflow monitoring and scheduling platforms (e.g., 
Airflow)
.	Experience with a programming language, such as Python
.	Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
.	Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to a 
senior audience
.	Machine learning skills

.	Morgan Stanley
.	Private Banking Operations Alternative Lending Associate ? Wealth Management 
Operations

Role 

The individual within Private Banking Loan Operations - Pledged Mortgage Operations (PM 
Ops), is responsible for processing the Pledged Asset Feature for our Home Loans Division and 
providing operational support for all related requests. The individual will be part of a team of 
specialists with responsibilities that include but are not limited to:

Reviewing client collateral and able to provide funding requirements to MS Private Bank 
Perform pledged asset set up and maintenance requests
Resolve branch escalations/issues
Monitor and respond to servicing requests from Wealth Management branch offices
Review risk reports and escalate to management when necessary
Provide client service to the field
Handle incoming calls and emails
Client documentation management
Escalation of issues to management and provide recommendations for resolution
Assist with ad hoc requests/inquiries
Participate in projects and facilitate training to team members when needed

Skills Required

Bachelors degree; business or economics degree preferred
Clear understanding of banking rules and regulations as pertaining to daily functions
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office
Ability to work well under pressure and to meet deadlines
Excellent organizational / time management skills to succeed in a high-pressure /
fast paced environment
Professional oral and written communication skills
Strong research / analytical, and math skills
Able to prioritize and multi-task
Ability to drive change and improve efficiencies on the team
Detail oriented and exceptionally organized
Self-motivated and willing to assume responsibility
Prior experience with Business Intelligence reporting tools: Excel, Access, SQL, and VBA 
preferred
Knowledge of internal MS systems – preferred

.	Credit & Counterparty Risk Associate

.	CoSociete Generale Corporate and Investment Banking - SGCIB

.	MMG – Market Analysts & Certification Community - OVERVIEW
.	Within Société Générale Corporate and Investment Banking, MMG's major missions 
are to meet the regulatory challenges of tomorrow, to support the development of the 
business lines and to enable the Group to meet its ambitions in terms of client satisfaction 
and efficiency, while measuring and monitoring the risks. Ultimately, our task is to ensure that 
the Front Office and Finance departments are able to carry out their respective roles within a 
carefully-controlled risk and cost management structure. MMG works closely with other 
teams within Risk Market Activities and with other departments within RISQ.

.	When you join MMG, you are joining a team of very diverse people who are driven 
by excellence and whose recognized expertise is dedicated to always better serve our 
clients. You will be located on the trading floor having daily interactions with Front Officers 
and Risk Officers with exposure to senior management in New York and Paris.

.	MMG MISSION STATEMENTS
.	Within MMG, you will perform a wide variety of missions including:
.	Production, analysis, certification, consolidation and reporting of all financial data, 
and production of risk and regulatory indicators of market and brokerage activities for MMG 
partners and stakeholders including but not limited to P&L, P&L attribution, VaR, Stressed VaR, 
Market and Credit Stress Tests, Market Risk sensitivities, Counterparty Risk monitoring, etc.  
.	Support of Business Lines, Risk and Finance departments on regular reports and ad 
hoc requests
.	Control and monitoring of risk limits (market and counterparty) and follow up on 
breaches
.	Definition and implementation of a control framework aiming to secure the 
production and certification processes
.	Maintenance and quality controls of market data related to all businesses
.	Contribution to the definition of Information System strategies and lead initiatives 
related to organization and process developments

.	CAREER DEVELOPMENT
.	MMG seeks to develop the expertise and skill set of each and every one of its 
employees. Our recognized technical knowledge and capacity for analysis enables us to 
bring real and lasting value for our business line partners. Moreover, MMG is looking for 
people who have a variety of strengths and passions, and offers a place to design, propose, 
create, and implement revolutionary business solutions for our clients.
.	

.	Responsibilities:
.	Our main mission is daily CVAR valuation and certification, performance analysis and 
process improvements, refining and monitoring counterparty credit metrics on market 
operations, and providing oversight on monitoring the counterparty risk limits.

.	This role requires interaction with all stakeholders involved in market transactions: 
Front Office, Risk, Middle Office, Finance, Product Control, Back Office, and Information 
Technology.

.	The main accountabilities include but are not limited to refining and implementing 
processes and data quality metrics for monitoring of credit limits, producing and 
commenting on management and regulatory reporting, enhancement and data quality 
project management, contribution to Regulatory topics and projects, participation in local 
and global projects impacting MMG/XRP.

.	Competencies:
.	Familiarity with VAR, Stress Testing and factor analyses as well as general regulatory 
requirements for risk measures and control
.	Excellent analytical and quantitative skills
.	Excellent communication skills and time management; ability to work as part of the 
team and as an individual contributor

.	Technical Skills:

.	Strong Excel and SQL skills; familiarity with Python is a plus

.	Work Experience:
.	3+ years of experience in Credit Risk measurement and scenario analyses, risk 
reporting, counterparty risk assessment, or exposure control
.	Education:
.	Bachelor’s degree in finance, economics, business or related field
.	Master’s degree or CFA/FRM certification is a plus

.	
CIB Machine Learning Center of Excellence - Applied AI/ML Associate 
.	Responsibilities

.	Develop scalable tools leveraging machine learning and deep learning models to 
solve real-world problems in areas such as Speech Recognition, Natural Language 
Processing and Time Series predictions.
.	Collaborate with all of JPMorgan Chase's lines of businesses, such as Investment Bank, 
Commercial Bank, and Asset Management.
.	Lead your own project. Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements. Create an 
effective roadmap towards the deployment of a production-level machine learning 
application.
.	MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline, e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, 
Operations Research, Data Science. If BS only, 2-5 years of hands-on experience developing 
machine learning models.
.	Experience in Deep Learning: DNN, CNN, RNN/LSTM, GAN or other auto encoder 
(AE).
.	Ability to develop and debug in Python, Java, C or C++. Proficient in git version 
control. R and Matlab are also relevant.
.	Extensive experience with machine learning APIs and computational packages 
(TensorFlow, Theano, PyTorch, Keras, Scikit-Learn, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, statsmodels).
.	Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL, Hive, etc.)
.	Should be able to work both individually and collaboratively in teams, in order to 
achieve project goals.
.	Must be curious, hardworking and detail-oriented, and motivated by complex 
analytical problems.
.	Must have the ability to design or evaluate intrinsic and extrinsic metrics of your 
model’s performance which are aligned with business goals.
.	Must be able to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to both 
technical and business audiences.

.	Beneficial Skills

.	Solid time series analysis, speech recognition, NLP or financial engineering 
background.
.	Strong background in Mathematics and Statistics.
.	Published research in areas of Machine Learning, Deep Learning or Reinforcement 
Learning at a major conference or journal.
.	Experience with GPUs and cloud-based training of deep neural networks.
.	Contribution to open-source projects on Machine Learning.
.	Knowledge in Reinforcement Learning or Meta Learning.
.	Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, SparkML, etc.


.	Barclays
.	Analyst – Markets Technology Audit:

.	745 7th Avenue, New York, NY

.	Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) aims to provide independent, reliable, valued, insightful 
and timely assurance to the Board and executive management over the effectiveness of 
governance, risk management and control over current and evolving risks, in the context of 
the current and expected business environment and in accordance with the international 
standards definition of internal auditing.

.	What will you be doing?
.	Identify, assess & document risks and controls.
.	Complete testing.
.	Evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of controls & document this 
understanding in the BIA audit toolkit.
.	Write high quality audit observations and support the Audit Lead in writing the report.

.	What we’re looking for:
.	Bachelors degree or similar
.	1 year of experience auditing a relevant system controls environment and an 
understanding of relevant regulatory environment
.	1 year of experience of development and execution of testing strategies to assess 
control environments as part of an internal or external audit role/function, or as part of a risk 
management function
.	1 Experience in risk-based Technology auditing in one or more of the following areas: 
technology and information risk, applications, security, resilience, data management, IT 
operations, and/or infrastructure

.	Skills that will help you in the role:
.	Relevant professional qualifications (e.g. CISA, CISSP, technical qualification; 
graduate degree)
.	Experience with database languages (e.g. SQL, Access) and basic programming 
knowledge (e.g. Python, VBA)
.	Industry knowledge of Investment Banking business
.	Knowledge about new and emerging financial products and services

.	Equity Research
.	Responsibilities

Analyst – Assist Portfolio Manager in identifying investment opportunities and make mandate-
appropriate long- and short-position stock, industry and concentration analysis for Portfolio 
Manager and respective client portfolios, communicate trading suggestions to Portfolio 
Manager and further to the Portfolio Management Group and monitor implementation, 
client service and marketing communication when required.

The position will report into the PM within Arya Partners.

Specific Responsibilities Include

.	Perform diligent & deep dive fundamental research on universe of investments
.	Assist in the construction and management of a portfolio of long/short equity & 
related instruments with a focus on generating high idiosyncratic returns
.	Update individual models & research notes on ideas on a regular basis in keeping 
with the investment and compliance process requirements
.	Collaborate effectively with other AB employees on research, process improvement 
and firm-wide initiatives
.	Communicate trading suggestions and research to the Portfolio Manager and 
monitor implementation

.	

.	Undergraduate degree in a numerate discipline e.g. Engineering, Math, Economics, 
Natural Sciences etc. from top 10 program. (MBA students from top 10 institution with this 
background will also be considered e.g. Harvard, Wharton, Stanford, INSEAD, Chicago, LBS 
etc)
.	2-4 years’ experience within Sell-side equity research, M&A, Leveraged Finance, 
and/or Private equity. (Candidates with 1-3 years of additional hedge fund or buy-side 
experience will also be considered)
.	Extensive excel based financial modelling and accounting analysis skills
.	Detailed company due diligence skills
.	Keen business and industry analysis skills
.	Must display a passion for fundamental investin
.	Jefferies Group LLC, the largest independent full-service global investment banking 
firm headquartered in the U.S. focused on serving clients for over 55 years, is a leader in 
providing insight, expertise and execution to investors, companies and governments. Our firm 
provides a full range of investment banking, advisory, sales and trading, research and wealth 
management services across all products in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Jefferies Group 
LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (NYSE: JEF), a diversified 
financial services company.

.	: The Institutional Equity Research Sales team is actively looking for an Analyst for the 
New York City office.

.	Role:
.	Working with the institutional hedge fund sales team within equities and will have a 
focus on the continued branding and expansion of the Jefferies Equities franchise, assisting 
the senior sales team in building and expanding the hedge fund institutional client business 
and handling daily inquiries from hedge fund accounts. Potential vertical integration 
opportunities within research sales with hard/commendable work over time.

.	Required Background:
.	Reputation of integrity
.	Superb organizational skills
.	Ability to work under pressure, strong quantitative, analytical and communication 
skills
.	Ability to analyze data and present conclusions concisely
.	Accuracy, thoroughness, and attention to detail in aspects of work product
.	A resourceful self-starter, able to work autonomously and as team player
.	Ability to communicate and execute concepts and ideas, both verbally and via 
documentation, and be able to defend their validity and target messages to different 
audiences
.	Understanding of financial statements and financial modeling helpful
.	Ability to work independently and manage multi-tasks at the same time

.	Equity Research Sector Quant - Alphawise
.	Company NameMorgan Stanley Company Location
.	Primary Responsibilities Include

.	Combine quantitative processes with fundamental insights to identify industry key 
performance indicator, develop sector-specific signals, build conviction on a call, predict 
stock returns, and track company specific risks etc.
.	Develop, backtest, and implement statistics models to test the efficacy of sector 
data; Explore and evaluate alternative data to gain insights into new alpha
.	Build tools to query, clean, analyze raw data through databases, and work closely 
with data and technology team to ensure data quality and delivery
.	Publish leading research insight notes and present at industry conferences
.	Actively source new ideas and collaborate with other research teams; Partner 
closely with sales/marketing, providing quant proof statements to both internal and external 
clients
.	Skills Desired

.	2-7 years of buy-side experience in a role combining fundamental and quantitative 
analysis
.	Experience in statistics/econometrics modeling, proficiency working with alternative 
data, large dataset, machine learning, data mining, and numerical methods
.	Advanced degree in quantitative field such as statistics, computer science, 
engineering, mathematics or finance, PhD preferred
.	Strong programming skills including Q/kdb, Python, C/C++, R, Matlab, JAVA
.	Creative thinking and problem-solving skills; able to decompose complex problems 
into manageable pieces
.	Strong verbal and written communication skills; able to present quant solutions 
clearly to both internal and external clients
.	Team oriented; able to collaborate with a range of functional teams and resolve 
conflicts as necessary
.	Knowledge/experience in equity factor model and fundamental research a plus



.	Global Investment Research, Equity Research, Oil Services, Business Analyst
.	
From macroeconomic forecasts to individual stock analysis, our team develops tools and 
insights to help shape investment strategies for clients and the firm. Our analysts work on 
client-focused research in the equity, fixed-income, currency, and commodities markets, 
mining big data that enters markets around the world each day to identify game-changing 
insights. You’ll be part of a team that is intellectually curious, creative, analytical, and 
passionate about performing market research.

Responsibilities And 

Working closely with the Senior Analyst and other members of Oil Services team, you will:

.	Build strong industry knowledge of the Energy sector
.	Contribute to the generation and execution of investment ideas
.	Write reports/notes on companies under coverage
.	Communicate with the equities sales force and traders, clients and company 
managements
.	Interpret data and perform analysis on market, economic and technology trends
.	Develop financial models

.	

.	Bachelor’s degree with a strong academic track record
.	1+ Year of experience in investment research, financial modeling and analysis
.	Demonstrated interest in the Energy sector
.	Excellent analytical skills
.	Strong verbal and written communication skills
.	Proficiency in Excel
.	Attention to detail
.	Strong team orientation
.	Working knowledge of accounting, finance, and valuation
.	Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-energy environment
.	Comfortable taking initiative and being resourceful/entrepreneurial
.	Ability to multi-task and work with numerous teams


.	PiperJaffray
We are currently seeking an Equity Research Associate to join our Specialty Pharmaceuticals 
team in New York.

Responsibilities

.	Work in partnership with their senior analyst to conduct extensive company and 
industry research
.	Create financial models and valuation analyses and write company reports, industry 
reports and investment recommendations
.	The associate will also interact with company management teams and play a role in 
the research due diligence process, such as attending conferences and polling/speaking 
with physicians and other industry sources
.	As associates develop industry expertise, they will have increasing interaction with 
our sales and institutional clients discussing research ideas and investment recommendations
.	

.	Requirements

.	Strong work ethic, resourcefulness, and the ability to think critically and creatively
.	Strong candidates will have an intense interest in the stock market and a 
demonstrated record of professional, academic and personal achievement
.	Excellent written and oral communication skills
.	Expert in financial modeling
.	Strong competitive spirit balanced by a proven ability to work as part of a team
.	Bachelor’s degree required
.	1-2 years of experience in equity research/banking/private equity is preferred
.	Passion for life sciences
.	Securities Industry Essentials, Series 7, 63, 86 & 87 preferred (or willingness to


.	Responsibilities

We are looking for Summer Research Associates to join our ten-week intern program in the 
New York office of Bernstein’s premier Equity Research platform. Our industry teams are 
typically only two or three professionals in number, and you will have a high level of 
responsibility and be empowered to make an important contribution.

As a Summer Research Associate You Will

.	Acquire expertise in your sector working with a Senior Analyst who is a seasoned 
industry expert
.	Learn in-depth analysis of the industry and companies
.	Make contributions to our highly differentiated written product and forward-looking 
financial analysis, including primary ownership of a significant project
.	Interact with sales, trading and research staff across the firm
.	We believe Bernstein is the best place to begin a career in investment research. We 
make a strong commitment to Associate development, and give you opportunities to rapidly 
gain visibility and incremental responsibility. While our culture is intellectually challenging, it is 
also very collegial and fun – Associates lead and participate in a range of activities including 
philanthropy, development and leadership programs, social events, mentoring and annual 
on- and off-sites.



Our Summer Research Associates should meet the following criteria:

.	Track records of outstanding academic performance, including honors and awards. 
Academic credentials typically include test scores and grades in the 90th percentile and 
above
.	Are current students graduating in 2021
.	Excellent broad-based analytical skills
.	Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
.	Strong quantitative backgrounds
.	Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
.	Relentless intellectual curiosity and a drive to excel at the highest level
.	Available to work early June to August 2020
.	We look for consummate team players who seek a highly rigorous and collegial 
environment for their development. Full-time Research Associates often advance to Senior 
Research Associate positions and/or go on to graduate school. These are typically 3-5 year 
positions with outstanding growth potential. We are looking for approximately three to five 
interns for the summer of 2020.






.	Analyst, Capital Markets
.	Company NameBridge Investment Group Company Location
.	
 Info

As a Capital Markets Analyst you will support client-facing and capital-raising functions, 
including developing marketing materials, conducting competitive research, assisting with 
due diligence requests, and supporting strategic initiatives. The Capital Markets Analyst will 
work directly with managing directors, peers, and clients in executing these functions. 
Bridge's fast-growing entrepreneurial culture means you will be expected to take initiative on 
new projects and contribute across disciplines, working closely with senior management 
throughout the firm. The Capital Markets Group anticipates significant near-term growth 
including new private equity product launches and global expansion initiatives. This position 
offers the opportunity to join a leading private equity real estate firm at a time of significant 
focus on the alternatives investment industry.

Expectations For The Role

.	Conduct research on sources of investor capital design customized strategies to 
effectively target capital
.	Actively support MDs in building robust sales dialogues with PE portfolio managers at 
large institutions
.	Prepare marketing materials showcasing investment portfolio, strategies, and market 
outlook
.	Develop deep expertise across investment verticals' work cross-functionally to track 
and fulfill due diligence requests from sophisticated institutional investors
.	Oversee completion of profitable institutional RFPs

.	

 and Competencies

Skills

In additional to thriving in a fast paced, client facing role and having strong communication 
skills, a successful candidate should have

Candidates should be highly motivated, energetic, and savvy with demonstrated excellence 
in prior endeavors.

.	Undergraduate degree (minimum 3.5 GPA or equivalent)
.	Ability to thrive in an entrepreneurial environment and comfortable managing 
multiple work streams and projects concurrently
.	Ability to build working relationships across various Bridge departments/verticals with 
individuals at different experience levels
.	Interest and aptitude for relationship management, sales and marketing
.	A self-starter, roll-up-the-sleeves attitude with a strong sense of urgency
.	Excellent written and oral communication skills
.	Strong analytical skills and attention to detail


.	
An Alternative Asset Management Firm with approximately $4.5 billion of AUM, is seeking to 
hire a Valuation Associate. The position will report to the Company’s Principal.

 

.	Conduct equity, credit and industry research
.	Perform financial analyses (historical performance review, financial forecast, etc.)
.	Design and work with financial models (discounted cash flow, guideline multiples, 
and option pricing models)
.	Work closely with internal teams
.	Drive technical analyses, investigations and commentaries to substantiate valuation 
results
.	Validate and reconstitute the integrity of models for new products and proposed 
product changes
.	Coordinate and prepare quarterly reports
.	Deliver valuations for financial reporting, tax and regulatory compliance, 
restructuring/reorganization, corporate services and management planning purposes
.	Review and analyze valuation reports issued by outside firms in order to assist the 
audit process
.	Required Skills:

.	Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or related field
.	Experience in Large Global Valuation Firm or Big 4 Public Accounting Firm’s 
Valuation Group
.	1-3 years of illiquid asset valuation experience
.	Strong knowledge and proficiency in US GAAP, specifically ASC 820/805/350
.	Strong working knowledge of Income and Market Valuation Approaches, as well as 
the Option Pricing Model
.	Knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel, Capital IQ and Bloomberg.
.	Desired Skills:

.	Preferably experience within Private Equity and Debt
.	Strong research skills and ability to analyze financial statements and forecast Private 
Equity and Debt Sectors
.	Strong analytical, modeling and project management skills
.	Strong verbal and written communication skills
.	Knowledge of Intex a plus








.	Private Equity Analyst  Base salary  75-90K depending on experience  (2-3 yrs ideal)
.	
.	
.	Maintain detailed excel financial models and projections on 8-10 public companies. 
Produce and maintain 4-5 research white papers annually in powerpoint on public 
companies. Keep investment team aware of relevant news and key events on small portfolio 
of public companies. Run weekly Factset screens at direction of investment team Update 
and maintain business strategy powerpoint presentation. Collaborate with partners on 
investment strategy.


.	As an Analyst in EquityResearch, you may help to conduct and facilitate industry 
analysis andcompany-specific coverage. This involves helping in core research ranging 
fromdissecting earnings releases and regulatory filings to assessing relevant newsevents, 
modeling financial statements and industry dynamics, performingdetailed valuation work, 
writing research notes and sector pieces, and speakingto internal/external clients and 
management teams about thestocks/sector. You will work with our partners in both sales and 
tradingto provide comprehensive client coverage, including fulfilling client requestsfor 
market updates and market intelligence. Research is fast-paced, demandingand 
intellectually stimulating. We look for candidates who possess strongquantitative as well as 
business writing/communication skills.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities,including:


.	Heavyemphasis on quantitative skills
.	Abilityto multi-task and collaborate within a team environment
.	Strongorganizational skills and ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic environment
.	Priorexperience in research, investment banking or another analytical and 
demandingrole
.	Strongwritten and oral communication skills
.	Apassion for the markets and interest in industry specific coverage
.	ACFA, or progress toward a CFA, is a plus


.	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., a leading mid-tier investment bank, is currently seeking a 
research associate to support our Consumer Growth & E-Commerce team. The position is 
located in New York City.
.	The research associate will work in conjunction with and support the lead analyst 
and another research associate on the team on all aspects of developing and marketing 
equity research products, including research reports, models, and industry analysis.
.	The position demands independence, initiative, and entrepreneurship, as the 
associate will gain responsibility over a broad array of report writing, model building, and 
other product maintenance duties. Attention to detail, strong work ethic, and ability to multi-
task are also critical. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in accounting and 
a keen desire to uncover details to aid in the creation of research. We prefer someone with 
some exposure to equity research (licenses preferable) though and in pursuit of a CFA, 
though we will consider all qualified candidates.
.	In addition to the above, we look for people who possess, or have the potential to 
possess, the following characteristics:
.	Strong writing and analytical skills. Associates are responsible for writing and 
producing equity research reports, company initiations, and marketing presentations—often 
under very tight time constraints;
.	Strong financial modeling, accounting, valuation, and quantitative skills. Associates 
are responsible for building and maintaining integrated I/S, B/S, and C/F models and for 
organizing and maintaining industry data. Attention to detail is critical;
.	A passion for the stock market, and equity research. It is highly advantageous to 
have exposure to the financial markets and equity research, as well as the day-to-day 
responsibilities of an equity research associate;
.	Strong sales and communication skills. As time progresses, associates will interact with 
internal sales and trading and external clients. Responsiveness and professionalism is 
important;
.	Ability to work independently and initiate and accomplish projects with minimal 
supervision. Aggressive self-starters with a strong work ethic are desirable;
.	Ability to organize, prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously;
.	PC skills: the position requires strong Excel skills and a fair command of Word, 
PowerPoint, Bloomberg and Factset.


.	Morgan Stanley Investment Management, together with its investment advisory 
affiliates, has more than 650 investment professionals around the world and $480 billion in 
assets under management or supervision as of March 31, 2019. Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management strives to provide outstanding long-term investment performance, service and 
a comprehensive suite of investment management solutions to a diverse client base, which 
includes governments, institutions, corporations and individuals worldwide.

The responsibilities for this role will focus on project based macro and thematic research, 
maintenance of data, and identifying big trends globally and in emerging markets. The role 
requires understanding of macroeconomics, ability to read and synthesize academic 
research and conduct top-down equity market and industry research that will be a part of 
the investment process. Generate macro driven ideas and themes at the country, industry or 
thematic level. A large part of the role involves assisting with written client communication, 
newsletters, regular presentations and answering investment-related questions.



Masters or Bachelors degree in Economics with relevant work experience of 2 years and 
above. Macro economics and financial markets background.

Strong analytical and quantitative skills and ability to synthesize both academic and market 
research .

High level of computer skills including proficiency in a general purpose or scripting language 
and programming skills required.

Experience in High-Level Languages such as FAME and/or Matlab/R preferred.

Familiarity with financial databases (Bloomberg, MarketQA, Factset or Thomson Products). 
Experience in a numerical field such as Econometrics, Statistics or Engineering will be 
valuable.

.	Based at the firm's investment office in New York, and working closely with the CIO 
and PM, this a diverse and varied role incorporating numerous aspects of investment analysis 
and portfolio management (including accounting, reporting, modeling and performance 
analysis). The role will be integral to the execution and management of the non-real estate 
principal investment activities of the group.


.	What will you do?

.	Perform research and analysis of investment opportunities identified by the CIO and 
PM
.	Prepare internal investment papers for existing and potential investments
.	Observe investment committee
.	Enjoy the opportunity for the role to expand based on a proven track record of 
successful completion of core tasks and responsibilities

.	What are you like?

.	You hold qualifications in a relevant discipline like finance, accounting, or 
economics coupled with between 2 - 7 years’ experience in a relevant role: this may include 
equity research, investment banking, corporate finance, or chartered accounting.
- Financial modeling skills and expert Excel skills

.	In addition to the above, you possess the following:

- An analytical and inquisitive nature with a proactive desire to solve problems.
- A collaborative spirit that enjoys working with and supporting a small team.
- Excellent interpersonal skills and profound emotional intelligence.
- Enthusiastic commitment to your duties and teammates.
- Humble confidence in your capabilities to execute with both success and integrity.
- Acute attention to detail with a focus on the need for accurate and reliable results.



.	Quant Researcher/Data Scientist - Analyst (Hedge Fund)

.	One of our premier Buy-Side clients is currently seeking to add a Data/Quant 
Research Associate to join their growing Global Research Team. Ideal individual will be 
responsible for providing due diligence related to special projects/New Product 
Development, providing Financial Data, Trading Analytics and Capital Markets Research for 
Global Head of Research.

.	RESPONSIBILITIES
.	Perform market analysis, must be familiar with fixed income/equity markets
.	Prepare financial models and data using specialized tools; SQL/Python
.	Liaise with Trading/Risk/Portfolio Management Departments to determine suitable 
recommendations for successful risk adverse investing
.	Use technology to effectively improve processes (Machine Learning or similar)
.	Advanced data research skills quantitative/qualitative (SQL)
.	Performing market research; calibrating proprietary valuation models to incorporate 
market-based assumptions
.	Present and test financial models and detailed analysis to Senior Management Team
.	Perform company, industry, market and competitor research and due diligence
.	:
.	Bachelor’s degree required, advanced degree preferred 
(Math/Science/Engineering or Statistics)
.	A critical thinker who can quickly evaluate and analyze companies and financial 
information
.	Prior experience with High Frequency or Electronic Trading
.	Technical skills (Advanced SQL/ PYTHON /MACHINE LEARNING/TABLEAU or similar)
.	Work closely with senior level clients to understand business, gather requirements, 
scope tasks, design and manage project plans
.	Excellent oral and written communications skills


.	
Team members support our focus on building strong customer relationships balanced with a 
strong risk mitigating and compliance-driven culture which firmly establishes those disciplines 
as critical to the success of our customers and company. They are accountable for 
execution of all applicable risk programs (Credit, Market, Financial Crimes, Operational, 
Regulatory Compliance), which includes effectively following, and adhering to and if 
applicable Wells Fargo policies and procedures, appropriately fulfilling risk and compliance 
obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and making sound risk 
decisions. There is emphasis on proactive monitoring, governance, risk identification and 
escalation, as well as making sound risk decisions commensurate with the business unit’s risk 
appetite, and all risk and compliance program requirements.

Required 

.	3+ years of capital markets industry experience, financial services industry research 
experience, or a combination of both
.	A BS/BA degree or higher

.	Desired 

.	Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, 
where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important
.	Advanced Microsoft Excel skills, including high level of proficiency in modeling
.	Advanced Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) skills
.	Knowledge and understanding of accounting principles in the capital markets 
industry
.	Knowledge and understanding of Investment tools such as Bloomberg or Factset 
application
.	Strong, clear and concise written and oral communication skills

.	Other Desired 

.	3 years of equity research experience and/or direct exposure to Software sector.
.	Knowledge and understanding of financial analysis, modeling, proprietary research 
and due diligence.
.	FINRA Registration for FINRA Series 86 & 87 must be completed within 90 days of hire 
date.

.	 Expectations

.	For specific FINRA qualification exams obtained after 9/30/2018, the Securities 
Industry Essentials (SIE) exam co-requisite may also be required
.	Registration for FINRA Series 7 must be completed within 90 days of hire date if it is 
not available for transfer upon hire. FINRA recognized equivalents will be accepted.
.	Registration for FINRA Series 63 (or 66) must be completed within 90 days of hire date 
if it is not available for transfer upon hire. FINRA recognized equivalents will be accepted.

.	Equity Research Analyst TWO SIGMA
.	ou Will Take On The Following Responsibilities

.	Partner with colleagues to identify areas where we can incorporate the virtues of 
deep fundamental research into our systematic investment processes
.	Research industries and companies
.	Identify and deeply evaluate key valuation drivers, thematic views, industry trends, 
and idiosyncratic questions
.	Distill stock-specific and broader industry investment theses into discrete, quantifiable 
and actionable research studies
.	Leverage Two Sigma’s vast data corpus and leading technology and platform 
capabilities
.	Potential to build and manage a research team

.	You Should Possess The Following 

.	4+ years of prior work experience as an equity research analyst; coverage of 
multiple sectors preferred but not required
.	Strong academic track record; advanced degree or CFA is a plus
.	Proven idea generation and investment track record
.	Structured, disciplined and scalable investment process
.	Collaborative team player
.	Intellectual curiosity and motivation to innovate and improve
.	Intermediate technical capabilities preferred but not require





.	KEY BANK
.	We look for the following skill-sets in our ideal candidates: . Strong Organizational 
Capabilities: the role of a research associate requires the ability to filter/organize information 
efficiently and thoughtfully. We are looking for an individual who enjoys continuously 
improving information gathering and compilation techniques, as well as analyzing underlying 
data. The role is well suited for individuals who perform well under tight deadlines and 
pressure . Experience in Equity Markets/Investment Banking Preferred: ideally, we are looking 
for 1-3 years of experience in the equity research, investment banking and/or corporate 
finance; candidates with more experience are welcome to apply . Attention to Detail: work 
entails ability to process large amounts of data from SEC documents, databases, and 
company reports in an organized and timely fashion and with minimal errors . Familiarity with 
SEC Filings: a basic but solid understanding of 10Qs/10Ks is required, alongside an ability to 
discern basic accounting/financial ratios . Strong Accounting Background: at least some 
formal accounting academic training (BBA or accounting courses in school) is required, and 
preferably, 1-3 years of direct/indirect accounting experience as well . Forecasting/Software 
Skills: experience using excel to build and maintain financial models; a working knowledge of 
all MS Office applications is required . Ability to Communicate Effectively: strong written 
communication skills are required, as well as confidence around verbal articulation of a 
thesis The associate’s primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to: . Creating and 
maintaining earnings models and industry databases, to value companies under coverage . 
Assisting in the writing and publication of research notes on covered companies, industry 
and subsector reports, as well as initiations of coverage . Interacting with institutional investors, 
handling inbound requests and speaking to investors about models and stock coverage 
universe . Maintaining a working knowledge of the industry by keeping abreast of industry 
and company-specific news, including trends and data surrounding economics, fed policy, 
and other factors that may impact the industry . Interacting with investor relations and 
management of companies under coverage . Interacting with internal sales and trading 
Hands-on Training We provide hands-on training under the supervision of our senior analysts, 
as well through our broader associate development program, which include mentoring, CFA 
certification financing and new technology/data-oriented training initiatives. Training is also 
provided through exposure/interactions with senior managements, as well as learning 
through trade shows/industry conferences and events

.	ClearBridge Investments
.	 Overview ClearBridge Investments is looking to add two Equity Research Analysts to 
its New York based research team. Our research process focuses on using bottom-up 
fundamental analysis to identify and take advantage of mispriced securities. This requires 
due diligence on industry and company specific trends, analysis of company reported 
financials as well as extensive modeling and valuation work. Key Responsibilities . Conduct 
due diligence within a specific sector . Lead meetings with company management . Dissect 
and project company financials; perform valuation analysis . Synthesize data to generate 
new investment ideas and/or recommend investment action . Communicate key findings 
and recommendations to PM teams to help drive firm alpha . Evaluate environmental, social, 
and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities  . 3-5 years of investment industry experience 
as a fundamental research analyst, consumer, tech or healthcare sectors preferred . 
Competency assessing business models . Exceptional analytical skills and proven ability to 
dissect financial statements . Ability to evaluate investment opportunities in a timely fashion 
and effectively communicate conclusions . Ability to collaborate as well as work 
independently . Buyside experience preferred . Bachelor's degree required; MBA / CFA a plus 
Company Overview

.	Piper Jaffray is a leading middle market investment bank and asset management 
firm serving clients in the U.S. and internationally. Our proven advisory teams combine deep 
product and sector expertise with ready access to global capital. Founded in 1895, the firm is 
headquartered in Minneapolis, MN and has offices across the United States & London. We 
are currently seeking an Equity Research Associate to join our Specialty Pharmaceuticals 
team in New York. Responsibilities . Work in partnership with their senior analyst to conduct 
extensive company and industry research . Create financial models and valuation analyses 
and write company reports, industry reports and investment recommendations . The 
associate will also interact with company management teams and play a role in the 
research due diligence process, such as attending conferences and polling/speaking with 
physicians and other industry sources . As associates develop industry expertise, they will 
have increasing interaction with our sales and institutional clients discussing research ideas 
and investment recommendations Requirements . Strong work ethic, resourcefulness, and 
the ability to think critically and creatively . Strong candidates will have an intense interest in 
the stock market and a demonstrated record of professional, academic and personal 
achievement . Excellent written and oral communication skills . Expert in financial modeling . 
Strong competitive spirit balanced by a proven ability to work as part of a team . Bachelor’s 
degree required . 1-2 years of experience in equity research/banking/private equity is 
preferred . Passion for life sciences . Securities Industry Essentials, Series 7, 63, 86 & 87 preferred 
(or willingness to obtain


.	Equity Research Associate Cantor Fitzgerald: Equity Research Associate Cantor 
Fitzgerald is seeking an Equity Research Associate to work in the New York office for one of 
our senior biotechnology covering research analyst.   This person will work directly with the 
Senior Biotech Research Analyst on many aspects of the research process including: 
performing financial analysis and due diligence, writing investment-driven research reports, 
developing and fielding industry surveys, and undertaking a wide array of industry analyses 
and competitive assessments. Responsibilities . Work with senior analyst to conduct 
biotechnology company and industry research . Transform research into investment notes 
and presentations . Meet with company management teams and engage with sales and 
trading, institution investors and hedge funds . Attend industry conferences and meetings  
Requirements . Candidate should have strong writing, financial modeling and verbal 
communication skills . Ability to work efficiently in fast pace team enviroment . Live in NYC 
area or willing to relocate Preferred but not required . MBA and/or CFA would be a plus, but 
not required . Prior Biotechnology or pharmaceutical experience . One-year work experience 
in investment research (buy-side or sell-side), with a focus on healthcare and/or biopharma 
highly preferred . Would also consider candidates with 1-2 years of health care services 
investment banking experience . Series 7,63, 86, and 87 licenses will be needed if not already 
licensed

.	Responsibilities And  Working closely with the Senior Analyst and other members of 
the video games, toys, and internet team, the goal of the Business Analyst is to: . Build strong 
industry knowledge of the video games, toys, and internet sectors . Contribute to the 
generation and execution of investment ideas . Write reports/notes on companies under 
coverage . Communicate with equity sales and traders, clients, and company 
management . Interpret data and perform analysis on market, economic and technology 
trends . Develop financial models  . 1-2 years of experience in investment research . Strong 
financial modeling and analysis experience . Working knowledge of accounting, finance, 
and valuation . Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-energy environment . Comfortable 
taking initiative and being resourceful/entrepreneurial . Ability to multi-task and work with 
numerous teams . Experience covering the video games, toys, or internet industries is a plus

.	As an Analyst in Equity Research, you may help to conduct and facilitate industry 
analysis and company-specific coverage. This involves helping in core research ranging from 
dissecting earnings releases and regulatory filings to assessing relevant news events, 
modeling financial statements and industry dynamics, performing detailed valuation work, 
writing research notes and sector pieces, and speaking to internal/external clients and 
management teams about the stocks/sector. You will work with our partners in both sales 
and trading to provide comprehensive client coverage, including fulfilling client requests for 
market updates and market intelligence. Research is fast-paced, demanding and 
intellectually stimulating. We look for candidates who possess strong quantitative as well as 
business writing/communication skills. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and 
capabilities, including: . Heavy emphasis on quantitative skills . Ability to multi-task and 
collaborate within a team environment . Strong organizational skills and ability to meet 
deadlines in a dynamic environment . Prior experience in research, investment banking or 
another analytical and demanding role . Strong written and oral communication skills . A 
passion for the markets and interest in industry specific coverage . A CFA, or progress toward 
a CFA, is a plus

.	
Primary Responsibilities: . Create and Maintain modeling responsibilities with a publishing 
analyst. . Communicate investment ideas and important company information to institutional 
clients . Work with other associates on the research team and conduct primary research on 
new companies under coverage . Primary writing responsibilities working with a publishing 
equity analyst . Review and analyze client research requests and use a range of resources to 
identify the most relevant subject matter experts across geographies, industries, and topics 
for each project . Utilize the phone, LinkedIn, and outreach to recruit new industry contacts 
and and industry experts . Operate with a teamwork mentality that leads to building and 
maintaining strong relationships with coworkers and clients Background Requirements: . 
Effective time management and organizational skills . Demonstrated ability to work both 
individually and as part of a team . Ability to work in a fast-paced entrepreneurial 
environment . Bachelor’s degree (public health or sciences preferred) and strong academic 
record required . Outgoing personality with the ability to speak with people at all professional 
levels . Intellectual curiosity and desire to learn . Excellent written and verbal communication 
skills

.	Our NYC-based REIT team currently consists of one publishing analyst who is the 
head of the team and two associates. We are looking to grow the size of the team. Stock 
coverage currently includes over 50 companies in the REIT industry across several subsectors 
include Apartments, Office, Retail, Healthcare, Storage, Data Centers, Industrials and Triple-
Net. We are looking for a second publishing analyst to assume some of the existing coverage 
and expand coverage where necessary. We prefer a candidate with some experience 
covering stocks but are open to a strong Senior Associate that is ready to move to an Analyst 
role. Responsibilities will include: . Lead coverage on two or three REIT subsectors. Experience 
covering Healthcare, Retail, Apartments, and/or Self-Storage REITs is a plus. . Helping to 
manage a team of multiple Associates. . Maintaining strong relationships with institutional 
investors, in addition to internal sales and trading personnel. . Maintaining relationships with 
industry contacts and leveraging those relationships to improve research quality and 
delivery. . Executing corporate access events including company non-deal roadshows and 
property tours. . Frequent travel is required. About 20-25" of time

.	As a research associate in Equity Research, you help to conduct and facilitate 
industry analysis and company-specific coverage. This involves core research ranging from 
dissecting earnings releases and regulatory filings to assessing relevant news events, 
modeling financial statements and industry dynamics, performing detailed valuation work, 
writing research notes and sector pieces, and speaking to internal/external clients and 
management teams about the stocks/sector. You will work with our partners in both sales 
and trading to provide comprehensive client coverage, including fulfilling client requests for 
market updates and market intelligence. Research is fast-paced, demanding and 
intellectually stimulating. We look for candidates who possess strong accounting, finance, 
quantitative and business writing/communication skills, as well as modeling, forecasting, and 
valuation experience. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: 
· Heavy emphasis on quantitative skills · Strong written and oral communication skills · 3-5 
years of experience in research or investment banking; knowledge of the consumer industry, 
ideally the household products sector · Ability to multi-task and collaborate within a team 
environment · Strong organizational skills and ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic 
environment · Advanced level of proficiency in Excel ·


.	award-winning Equity Research team provides expert knowledge to enable both 
internal and external clients to make informed investment decisions. Covering over 2,500 
companies globally, our Equity Research team offers actionable insights and innovative 
products, every day. Want in? Join us as an analyst. Real responsibility, right away At the start 
of your two-and-a-half year analyst experience, you'll spend seven weeks in intensive training 
covering product and business knowledge as well as essential skills you'll need for a 
successful start. After training, you'll join a sector group within our New York-based team. 
Under the direction of a senior analyst, you'll contribute ideas and insights to investment 
theses and reports. As you develop your skill set, you'll have the opportunity to present those 
ideas to clients as well as colleagues in Sales and Trading. You may also: analyze industry 
macro trends and company financials gather, synthesize and interpret data from 
publications and other sources write both company-specific analyses and general thematic 
pieces build and maintain financial models and industry databases develop and deliver 
marketing materials for clients. A place where you can thrive At Barclays, you'll be 
surrounded by people who will help you achieve your ambitions. Our collaborative, 
supportive environment gives you the chance to build solid relationships with senior leaders, 
peers and clients alike. What's more, dedicated program managers will support and 
advocate for you throughout the first several years of your career at Barclays. During the 
analyst program, you'll also: participate in formal and informal training designed to give you 
the knowledge you need when you need it receive detailed performance coaching and 
feedback have opportunities to expand your network and develop leadership skills. Your role 
as an Equity Research analyst will provide you with the skills and experience needed for a 
successful career in the world of finance. The analyst program will help provide a visible path 
to the necessary steps for promotion to assistant vice president and the tools to get you there


.	Franklin Templeton, we are dedicated to delivering strong results and exceptional 
service to clients, team members and business partners. Over 9,000 employees working in 60 
offices around the world are dedicated to servicing investment solutions for our clients in 
more than 150 countries. For over 65 years, our success has been a direct result of the talent, 
skills and persistence of our people, and we are looking for qualified candidates to join our 
team. Our Franklin Equity Global Growth Team is seeking a Growth-Oriented Equity Research 
Analyst, covering the Healthcare sector, to join a high-performing team which manages over 
$7 billion in large cap assets under management. This position is based in New York City and 
will report directly to the strategies lead Portfolio Manager. What are the core responsibilities 
for this Research Analyst? The current Franklin Equity Global Growth Team is composed of 
sector-oriented and generalist research analysts. The sector analysts are organized by key 
investment sectors, including: Cyclicals (Energy, Materials and Industrials), Consumer 
(Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples), Financials, Healthcare and Technology 
(Technology and Communication Services). The healthcare sector analyst’s core 
responsibility includes identifying and researching names within the healthcare sector for 
inclusion in multiple funds managed by the team. What are some of the responsibilities that 
will help define success in this role? . Conduct research on individual securities and the 
healthcare industry, as needed, to incorporate into portfolio purchase securities, primarily in 
the global healthcare universe . Act as a spokesperson for the team’s investment philosophy, 
process and strategy in support of winning new portfolio mandates. What do you have that 
would make you an ideal candidate? . Minimum of 8+ years investment analyst research in 
global growth companies, most of which should be healthcare sector oriented . Candidates 
with proven research skills across various capitalization and regions preferred . Candidates 
from institutional long only equity platforms or hedge funds preferred. . BA or BS required, 
MBA and/or CFA preferred . Demonstrated experience in using fundamental research and 
modeling techniques to drive stock selection . Intellectual persistence to tackle hard 
problems and develop insights from multiple angles . Strong problem solving and analytical 
thinking skills . Solid verbal and written communications skills . Strong presentation skills with 
the ability to articulate all facets of the investment process and strategy on behalf of 
investment team . Effective relationship management skills and demonstrated credibility with 
investment team and distribution teams. . Ability to support business development and client 
retention efforts . Ability to work well in a collaborative environment What makes Franklin 
Templeton unique? In addition to the dynamic and professional environment at Franklin 
Templeton, we strive to ensure that our employees have access to a competitive and 
valuable set of Total Rewards—the mix of both monetary and non-monetary rewards 
provided to you in recognition for your time, talents, efforts, and results.

.	
 duties may include: . Work closely with teams of Research Analysts and Associates . Learn 
fundamental research and valuation skills, and capital markets perspective and industry 
knowledge. . Interns may have the opportunity to rotate on two different desks throughout 
the summer, covering different sectors for varied experience, and may present a stock pitch 
as a capstone to the internship. Required : . Graduating with a degree May 2021 with 
relevant coursework in finance, accounting and/or economics . Outstanding academic 
achievement (minimum GPA 3.5) . Relevant work or internship experience . Exceptional 
interpersonal and relationship-building skills . Demonstrated positions of responsibility and 
leadership . Effective oral and written communication skills . Eligibility to work permanently in 
the U.S. without sponsorship now or in the future FLSA STATUS:Non-Exempt


.	 : Citi Research is seeking a Senior Associate to join our Medical Technology team in 
New York. In this position, the individuals primary responsibilities will include industry analysis 
and company-specific stock coverage, including analyzing earnings releases and regulatory 
filings, assessing relevant news events, updating and maintaining quantitative models, 
performing detailed valuation work, writing research notes and sector pieces, and speaking 
to internal/external clients. This is a fast-paced, demanding and intellectually stimulating role 
that typically requires long hours, a passion for in-depth analysis and stock picking, 
generating creative research ideas and the ability to write clear and concise research notes. 
Candidates must be adaptable, have the ability to work well under pressure, and be able to 
work independently while meeting tight deadlines. QUALIFICATIONS: · 2+ years in buy side or 
sell side research, or investment banking is required; experience within the healthcare sector 
(particularly medtech) is strongly preferred · The ideal candidate will be detail oriented and 
will possess strong organization, interpersonal and written skills · The ideal candidate should 
be adept in switching between periods of heavy quantitative modeling and periods of more 
qualitative writing and presentation skills · Proficiency with Word, PowerPoint and Excel is 
required; Experience with financial modeling is required · The ideal candidate should have a 
minimum of a BA/BS with a strong academic record. An MBDA, CFA or progress towards a 
CFA is a plus · Securities licensing is a plus (Series 7/63 and 86/87) -----------------------------------------
-------- Grade :All  Level - All  FunctionsAll  Level - All  Functions – US

.	U.S. Equity Research Research Analyst : The candidate will work alongside their Senior 
Analyst and Junior Analyst peers in all aspects, from idea generation to company meetings, 
including but not limited to the following: · Perform complex financial modeling & valuation 
work. · Write regular industry and company reports and company launch initiations from 
scratch. · Develop databases integral to our research product. · Demonstrate strong industry 
knowledge and business judgment. · Work with Senior Analysts to develop key industry 
themes. · Build relationships and facilitate information flow with contacts at covered 
companies. · Participate and contribute to client meetings and events. · Attend meetings 
and interact with key opinion leaders. · Closely follow and understand market, industry and 
company specific activity, and relay to analyst when traveling. · Seek out new, value-added, 
and/or unusual sources of information. · Leverage our robust network of industry contacts. · 
Interact regularly with clients. : . Prior experience in investment banking and/or research 
(equity or credit, sell-side or buy-side) preferred . The candidate MUST be able to thrive in a 
fast-paced and intense environment. . Bachelors Degree . Major(s) and areas of academic 
excellence should include Accounting and Finance. . Strong writing and spreadsheet skills. 
Must be an expert at MS Word and MS Excel. . Must enjoy working in industry databases and 
websites, and doing desktop and field research. . Along with Finance and Accounting, 
should have strong understanding of economics, macroeconomic factors, international 
affairs, and policy/politics. . Must have excellent communication skills, written and verbal. . 
Must have strong attention to detail, ability to multi-task, and a strong work ethic. . Must work 
well in a collaborative team environment.

.	Equity Research The Equity Research department is responsible for researching 
macroeconomic and microeconomic conditions, along with company fundamentals. It also 
collects and analyses financial information to make investment recommendations on stocks 
in specific sectors. Research analysts build financial models to explore alternative scenarios, 
examine industries and communicate with companies and investors. Equity Research team 
members discuss their analysis and investment recommendations in research notes. A career 
in investment research at Morgan Stanley demands a commitment to excellence and a 
passion for the markets as well as the highest level of integrity. We are seeking an Associate 
to join our Industrials and Multi-Industry sector team in New York, NY. The Associate's primary 
responsibilities are but are not limited to: . Create and maintain earnings, valuation and 
industry models leveraging skills in accounting, finance and economics. . Write research 
reports for initiations of coverage, analysis of data, earnings results, and industry news. . 
Interact with institutional investors, respond to requests for models and data analysis. . Keep 
abreast of industry-related news flow. Analyze implications of news/industry developments to 
companies under coverage. . Develop and maintain relationships with investor relations 
personnel and management of companies under coverage. . Conduct industry diligence 
and primary research through surveys, expert conference calls, and various channel checks 
to evaluate industry trends. . Assist internal sales and trading teams in the timely analysis of 
breaking news in the sector . The candidate will have 1 to 5 years of professional experience 
in Equity Research, Investment Banking, Capital Markets, or Financial Services . The 
candidate will have 1 to 3 years of industrials sector experience . Experience utilizing Excel to 
Build / Maintain Financial models, an advanced level of excel proficiency is expected and 
required . Experience writing in a professional capacity, e.g. crafting equity research notes / 
correspondence; presentation and/or development of industry reports . Strong PowerPoint 
skills are required . Expected to be adaptable and have the ability to work well under 
pressure . Strong attention to detail is a must . CFA is a plus

.	  The ideal candidate possesses a life science background and experience with 
company modeling as well as passion to follow the stock market. He or she will work 
alongside Senior Analysts and Associates in all aspects of the research process, from idea 
generation to modeling, including but not limiting to the following: · Write industry and 
company reports and company launch initiations · Develop doctor/patient surveys and 
conduct doctor interviews to understand market dynamic, demand and future projection · 
Analyze clinical and preclinical data to assess product differentiation · Build financial model 
to quantitatively analyze company valuations · Demonstrate industry knowledge (such as 
regulatory, pricing) from early stage study to market approval · Build relationships and 
facilitate information flow with contacts at covered companies · Attend client meetings and 
medical research conferences · Seek out new, value-added and/or unusual sources of 
information · Have ability to monitor news flow and highlight stock-impacting updates when 
Senior Analyst is traveling · Interact regularly with sales, trading and external clients 
Qualification: · Bachelor’s Degree. (Advanced degree in life science discipline is a plus) · 
Ideal candidate would have 1-4 year’s experience in equity research, buy side experience or 
investment banking experience · Strong writing and modeling skills · Must enjoy following the 
stock market and doing desktop and field research · Academic background in a life science 
field and should have basic understanding of economics, macroeconomic factors and 
policy · Must have excellent communications skills, written and verbal · Must have strong 
attention to detail, ability to multi-task · Must work well in a collaborative team environment



.	
Full-Time Location: New York, NY . Strong Organizational Capabilities: the role of a research 
associate requires the ability to filter/organize information efficiently and thoughtfully. We are 
looking for an individual who enjoys continuously improving information gathering and 
compilation techniques, as well as analyzing underlying data. The role is well suited for 
individuals who perform well under tight deadlines and pressure  Type: Banking Experience: 
Not Specified . Experience in Equity Markets/Investment Banking Preferred: ideally, we are 
looking for 1-3 years of experience in the equity research, investment banking and/or 
corporate finance; candidates with more experience are welcome to apply . Attention to 
Detail: work entails ability to process large amounts of data from SEC documents, databases, 
and company reports in an organized and timely fashion and with minimal errors . Familiarity 
with SEC Filings: a basic but solid understanding of 10Qs/10Ks is required, alongside an ability 
to discern basic accounting/financial ratios . Strong Accounting Background: at least some 
formal accounting academic training (BBA or accounting courses in school) is required, and 
preferably, 1-3 years of direct/indirect accounting experience as well Headquartered in 
Cleveland, Ohio, KeyCorp (Key) is one of the nation's largest financial services companies. 
Key provides investment management, retail and commercial banking, consumer finance 
and investment banking products to individuals and companies throughout the United States 
and, for certain businesses, internationally.Our goal is to be the best regional bank in the U.S. 
What that means is we put our clients' needs first and take a customized approach to 
meeting those needs. At Key we've made a promise to our clients that they will always have 
a champion in us. To deliver on that promise, we're committed to building a team of 
engaged employees who do the right thing for our clients and help them achieve their 
financial goals each and every day. . Forecasting/Software Skills: experience using excel to 
build and maintain financial models; a working knowledge of all MS Office applications is 
required . Ability to Communicate Effectively: strong written communication skills are 
required, as well as confidence around verbal articulation of a thesis . Creating and 
maintaining earnings models and industry databases, to value companies under coverage . 
Assisting in the writing and publication of research notes on covered companies, industry 
and subsector reports, as well as initiations of coverage . Interacting with institutional investors, 
handling inbound requests and speaking to investors about models and stock coverage 
universe . Maintaining a working knowledge of the industry by keeping abreast of industry 
and company-specific news, including trends and data surrounding economics, fed policy, 
and other factors that may impact the industry . Interacting with investor relations and 
management of companies under coverage . Interacting with internal sales and trading

.	Global Markets, Equity Research - Associate (Internet) We Offer We are looking for a 
Research Associate/Associate Analyst to join the Internet Team in our New York office. Highly 
motivated, diligent, detail-oriented, team players are encouraged to apply. At Credit Suisse, 
RAs play an integral role in the innovation, production and distribution of original research as 
a member of a Senior Analyst's research franchise. You will gain excellent exposure to the 
Internet industry as well as to all of Credit Suisse's premiere business franchises. Through your 
interactions with senior management of the companies under coverage, key opinion leaders, 
buy-side clients and your counterparts in sales, trading and fixed income, you will gain 
extensive industry and company knowledge. Our Research Department is one of the top 
rated on Wall Street and our Analyst program offers you the developmental resources to 
succeed. We offer: . You will analyze industry macro trends and company financials under 
the direction of the senior analyst. . You will monitor and maintain financial models and 
industry databases ensuring correct and up-to-date information for research reports. . You 
will review business/trade publications, annual reports, financial filings and other sources to 
capture/synthesize/interpret data on companies followed by the senior analyst. . You will 
attend industry conferences. . You will prepare and format reports; organize data. . You will 
provide analytical support by maintaining and updating financial and valuation models on 
companies. . You will assist in writing research notes and reports based on senior analyst's 
investment theses. You Offer . You have a Bachelor's degree with strong academic 
background required (preferably finance, accounting, mathematics, engineering or a 
quantitative background). . You have at least 1-3 years' experience of equity research or 
investment banking strongly preferred; Internet sector experience a plus. . You have superb 
communication (written and verbal) skills. . You have deep understanding of business 
modeling and accounting principles. . You are dedicated with ability to work in a time 
sensitive environment. . You are self-starter with multitasking ability and good attention to 
detail. . You have excellent PC skills; advanced knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint a 
requirement. . Series 7, 63, 86, and 87 required - successful completion will be required shortly 
after employment begins

.	Jefferies is seeking an equity research associate to support the Consumer Staples 
team in New York. Responsibilities will include: . Conducting proprietary research evaluating 
the competitive landscape, analyzing industry news and company filings, attending 
conferences, and speaking with key opinion leaders . Building and maintaining financial 
models . Writing research reports for initiations of coverage, analysis of data, and 
industry/company news . Conceiving and executing on differentiated project ideas . 
Interfacing with company management teams, internal sales and trading personnel, and 
institutional investors . 0-4 years of experience . Good attitude / willing to work hard . Bright, 
good financial acumen, comfortable with numbers . Oriented toward financial markets . 
Very attentive to detail . Proficiency in written/verbal communication, and in building 
financial models utilizing excel . Motivated, hard-working, team player . Consumer or 
Healthcare experience an advantage but not essential

.	Work in partnership with the senior analyst to conduct extensive company and 
industry research Create financial models and valuation analyses Write company reports, 
industry reports and investment recommendations Meet with company management teams 
and interview company customers, suppliers and competitors Make company visits and 
attend trade shows and industry conferences Market team's research and investment 
recommendations to our sales force and to institutional investors, venture capitalists and 
private and public companies Requirements: The research analyst position is a demanding 
and fast-paced  that requires the ability to think quickly on one's feet and work 
independently Strong candidates will have an intense interest in the stock market and a 
demonstrated record of professional, academic and personal achievement Outstanding 
interpersonal and written communication skills Strong modeling experience Outgoing, 
engaging personality Outstanding quantitative and organizational skills A strong competitive 
spirit balanced by a proven ability to work as part of a team Bachelor’s degree in 
Accounting or Finance Experience as a research analyst and Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 
preferred Experience in energy consulting, IT or project management is a plus, but not 
required

.	Research has always been Bernstein's calling card. The brand is defined by our 
renowned Blackbooks , known for their unbiased, in-depth company and industry forecasts. 
We have a community of Research Analysts who are acknowledged thought leaders that 
typically have many years of experience in the industries they cover. Our reputation is for the 
very highest caliber of independent and disciplined investment and industry analysis. We are 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of our buy-side parent, AB. Responsibilities We are looking for 
Research Associates to join the New York office of Bernstein’s premier Equity Research 
platform. Our industry teams are typically only two or three professionals in number, and you 
will have a high level of responsibility and be empowered to make an important contribution. 
As a Research Associate, You Will . Acquire expertise in your sector working with a Senior 
Analyst who is a seasoned industry expert . Become adept at in-depth analysis of your 
industry and companies . Learn a rigorous level of financial analysis and build complex 
financial models . Contribute to our highly differentiated written product . Build relationships 
with company managements as well as sales, trading, and institutional clients We make a 
strong commitment to Associate development, and give you opportunities to rapidly gain 
visibility and incremental responsibility. While our culture is intellectually rigorous, it is also very 
collegial and fun – Associates participate in a range of activities including philanthropy, 
development and leadership programs, social events, mentoring and annual on- and off-
sites.  Our Research Associates should meet the following criteria: . Track records of 
outstanding academic performance, including honors and awards. Academic credentials 
typically include test scores and grades in the 90 th percentile and above . Are current 
students graduating in 2020 . Excellent broad-based analytical skills . Outstanding verbal and 
written communication skills . Strong quantitative backgrounds and programming skills . 
Relentless intellectual curiosity and a drive to excel at the highest level We look for 
consummate team players who seek a highly rigorous and collegial environment for their 
development. Research Associates often advance to Senior Research Associate positions 
and/or go on to graduate school. These are typically 3-5 year positions with outstanding 
growth potential.

.	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., a leading mid-tier investment bank, is currently seeking a 
research associate to support our Consumer Growth & E-Commerce team. The position is 
located in New York City. The research associate will work in conjunction with and support 
the lead analyst and another research associate on the team on all aspects of developing 
and marketing equity research products, including research reports, models, and industry 
analysis. The position demands independence, initiative, and entrepreneurship, as the 
associate will gain responsibility over a broad array of report writing, model building, and 
other product maintenance duties. Attention to detail, strong work ethic, and ability to multi-
task are also critical. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in accounting and 
a keen desire to uncover details to aid in the creation of research. We prefer someone with 
some exposure to equity research (licenses preferable) though and in pursuit of a CFA, 
though we will consider all qualified candidates. In addition to the above, we look for people 
who possess, or have the potential to possess, the following characteristics: . Strong writing 
and analytical skills. Associates are responsible for writing and producing equity research 
reports, company initiations, and marketing presentations—often under very tight time 
constraints; . Strong financial modeling, accounting, valuation, and quantitative skills. 
Associates are responsible for building and maintaining integrated I/S, B/S, and C/F models 
and for organizing and maintaining industry data. Attention to detail is critical; . A passion for 
the stock market, and equity research. It is highly advantageous to have exposure to the 
financial markets and equity research, as well as the day-to-day responsibilities of an equity 
research associate; . Strong sales and communication skills. As time progresses, associates will 
interact with internal sales and trading and external clients. Responsiveness and 
professionalism is important; . Ability to work independently and initiate and accomplish 
projects with minimal supervision. Aggressive self-starters with a strong work ethic are 
desirable; . Ability to organize, prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously; . PC 
skills: the position requires strong Excel skills and a fair command of Word, PowerPoint, 
Bloomberg and Factset

.	Private Equity Research Support Specialist, Financial Sponsors



.	Global Equities, Research Process and Analytics Analyst
.	Citadel US

.	Global Equities, Research Process and Analytics Analyst   Research Process and 
Analytics Analysts work within the Global Equities COO team to empower investment 
professionals and enhance the research process through automation, reporting, and 
technology. Key Responsibilities: . Partner with Investment Analysts, Portfolio Managers, and 
the internal technology specialists to design and implement innovative tools that enhance 
the investment process, portfolio construction, and risk management for the sector 
investment teams . Source and leverage fundamental equity data to help streamline 
modeling and investment research . Interpret, evaluate and interrelate research data and 
develop integrated business analyses for incorporation into strategic decision-making . 
Create informative, actionable and repeatable reporting that highlights relevant business 
trends and opportunities for improvement . Build customized analysis and data visualizations 
that incorporate internal and external data . Develop strategic vision for future technology 
initiatives . Collaborate with Technology, Quant Coverage, and other internal functions on 
deliverables to support our investment professionals . Assist in new hire onboarding through 
coverage planning, infrastructure design and tool training . Conduct due diligence on buy 
side technology offerings and build relationships with niche vendors Skillset Requirements: . 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in finance, statistics, engineering 
and/or computer science . Strong written, oral communication, and project management 
skills . Ability to manage multiple tasks and thrive in a fast-paced team environment . 
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills, with strong attention to detail . Passion for 
fundamental analysis and public markets investing . Deep understanding of financial 
accounting, equity valuation and statistics . Advanced proficiency in Excel/Data 
Visualization - built-in functions, aggregation, lookups and creating dashboards, Tableau . 
Proficiency in SQL, VBA, and Linux/Unix experience, statistics, or data analysis About Citadel 
Citadel is a global investment firm built around world-class talent, sound risk management, 
and innovative leading-edge technology. For a quarter of a century, Citadel's hedge funds 
have delivered meaningful and measurable results to top-tier investors around the world, 
including sovereign wealth funds, public institutions, corporate pensions, endowments and 
foundations. With an unparalleled ability to identify and execute on great ideas, Citadel's 
team of more than 675 investment professionals, operating from offices including Chicago, 
New York, San Francisco, London, Hong Kong and Shanghai, deploy capital across all major 
asset classes, in all major financial markets

.	Equity Research Analyst/Associate - New York Bank of America Analyst/Associate
.	: The candidate will work alongside their Senior Analyst and Junior Analyst peers in all 
aspects, from idea generation to company meetings, including but not limited to the 
following: · Perform complex financial modeling & valuation work. · Write regular industry and 
company reports and company launch initiations from scratch. · Develop databases integral 
to our research product. · Demonstrate strong industry knowledge and business judgment. · 
Work with Senior Analysts to develop key industry themes. · Build relationships and facilitate 
information flow with contacts at covered companies. · Participate and contribute to client 
meetings and events. · Attend meetings and interact with key opinion leaders. · Closely 
follow and understand market, industry and company specific activity, and relay to analyst 
when traveling. · Seek out new, value-added, and/or unusual sources of information. · 
Leverage our robust network of industry contacts. · Interact regularly with clients. : · Prior 
experience in investment banking and/or research (equity or credit, sell-side or buy-side) 
preferred · The candidate MUST be able to thrive in a fast-paced and intense environment. · 
Bachelor's Degree · Major(s) and areas of academic excellence should include Accounting 
and Finance. · Strong writing and spreadsheet skills. Must be an expert at MS Word and MS 
Excel. · Must enjoy working in industry databases and websites, and doing desktop and field 
research. · Along with Finance and Accounting, should have strong understanding of 
economics, macroeconomic factors, international affairs, and policy/politics. · Must have 
excellent communication skills, written and verbal. · Must have strong attention to detail, 
ability to multi-task, and a strong work ethic. · Must work well in a collaborative team 
environment

.	The current Franklin Equity Global Growth Team is composed of sector-oriented and 
generalist research analysts. The sector analysts are organized by key investment sectors, 
including: Cyclicals (Energy, Materials and Industrials), Consumer (Consumer Discretionary 
and Consumer Staples), Financials, Healthcare and Technology (Technology and 
Communication Services). The healthcare sector analyst's core responsibility includes 
identifying and researching names within the healthcare sector for inclusion in multiple funds 
managed by the team. What are some of the responsibilities that will help define success in 
this role? . Conduct research on individual securities and the healthcare industry, as needed, 
to incorporate into portfolio purchase securities, primarily in the global healthcare universe . 
Act as a spokesperson for the team's investment philosophy, process and strategy in support 
of winning new portfolio mandates. What do you have that would make you an ideal 
candidate? . Minimum of 8+ years investment analyst research in global growth companies, 
most of which should be healthcare sector oriented . Candidates with proven research skills 
across various capitalization and regions preferred . Candidates from institutional long only 
equity platforms or hedge funds preferred. . BA or BS required, MBA and/or CFA preferred . 
Demonstrated experience in using fundamental research and modeling techniques to drive 
stock selection . Intellectual persistence to tackle hard problems and develop insights from 
multiple angles . Strong problem solving and analytical thinking skills . Solid verbal and written 
communications skills . Strong presentation skills with the ability to articulate all facets of the 
investment process and strategy on behalf of investment team . Effective relationship 
management skills and demonstrated credibility with investment team and distribution 
teams. . Ability to support business development and client retention efforts . Ability to work 
well in a collaborative environment What makes Franklin Templeton unique? In addition to 
the dynamic and professional environment at Franklin Templeton, we strive to ensure that our 
employees have access to a competitive and valuable set of Total Rewards—the mix of 
both monetary and non-monetary rewards provided to you in recognition for your time, 
talents, efforts, and results.

.	Opportunity with Evercore ISI Extraordinary opportunity to work on one of Wall Street's 
leading energy franchises. Senior Research Analyst is looking for a Research Associate to 
support equity research coverage of the Exploration & Production sector. The ideal 
candidate is a highly motivated individual with a strong work ethic and should be 
comfortable working independently as well as in a fast-paced team-oriented environment. 
Prior equity research or investment banking experience is preferred, but not necessarily 
required if the individual has an industry background and a finance orientation. Evercore ISI 
offers a high quality, collegial and collaborative environment and a rapidly expanding 
research platform. This position is located in New York. Candidates will be required to provide 
a work product including a writing sample and a financial model. Duties Include . Develop 
and update company-specific and industry financial models . Perform financial and 
valuation analysis of covered companies . Author industry and company-specific research 
reports . Oversee data collection and monitor investor news services . Other duties as 
necessary  Requirements . Exceptional analytical and modeling capabilities . Excellent 
communication skills; the  entails significant writing and PowerPoint responsibilities . 
Concrete understanding of / demonstrated interest in corporate finance & equity markets . 
Background in equity research, investment banking, or Energy industry background with a 
finance orientation . B.S. degree required . MBA and/or CFA would be helpful but not 
required

.	Equity Research Associate - Global Life Insurance (Evercore ISI) POSITION: The team is 
looking for a Research Associate to support equity research coverage of the Life Insurance 
and Property & Casualty Insurance sectors in New York, NY. The position is for an individual 
with 2-4+ years of experience covering insurance companies. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: . 
Develop and update company-specific and industry financial models . Perform financial and 
valuation analysis of covered companies . Author industry and company-specific research 
reports . Oversee data collection and monitor investor news services . Other duties as 
necessary SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS: The ideal candidate is a highly motivated individual 
with a strong work ethic and should be comfortable working independently as well as in a 
fast-paced team-oriented environment. Prior financial institutions or life insurance experience 
with a finance orientation is preferred, but not required. Evercore ISI offers a high quality 
collegial and collaborative environment. . 2-4+ years of work experience with focus on 
insurance a plus . Strong analytical and modeling capabilities . Exceptional communication 
skills; the  entails significant writing . Concrete understanding of / demonstrated interest in 
corporate finance & equity markets . B.S. degree required . Progress towards CFA 
designation preferred

.	: The candidate will work alongside their Senior Analyst and Junior Analyst peers in all 
aspects, from idea generation to company meetings, including but not limited to the 
following: · Perform complex financial modeling & valuation work. · Write regular industry and 
company reports and company launch initiations from scratch. · Develop databases integral 
to our research product. · Demonstrate strong industry knowledge and business judgment. · 
Work with Senior Analysts to develop key industry themes. · Build relationships and facilitate 
information flow with contacts at covered companies. · Participate and contribute to client 
meetings and events. · Attend meetings and interact with key opinion leaders. · Closely 
follow and understand market, industry and company specific activity, and relay to analyst 
when traveling. · Seek out new, value-added, and/or unusual sources of information. · 
Leverage our robust network of industry contacts. · Interact regularly with clients. : · Prior 
experience in investment banking and/or research (equity or credit, sell-side or buy-side) 
preferred · The candidate MUST be able to thrive in a fast-paced and intense environment. · 
Bachelor’s Degree · Major(s) and areas of academic excellence should include Accounting 
and Finance. · Strong writing and spreadsheet skills. Must be an expert at MS Word and MS 
Excel. · Must enjoy working in industry databases and websites, and doing desktop and field 
research. · Along with Finance and Accounting, should have strong understanding of 
economics, macroeconomic factors, international affairs, and policy/politics. · Must have 
excellent communication skills, written and verbal. · Must have strong attention to detail, 
ability to multi-task, and a strong work ethic. · Must work well in a collaborative team 
environment



.	POSITION: We are looking for a Research Associate to support our equity coverage 
Biotechnology companies on the #1 ranked team on the Street. The ideal candidate is a 
highly motivated individual with a strong work ethic and should be comfortable working 
independently as well as in a fast-paced team-oriented environment. Prior work experience 
in a scientific field is preferred; equity research experience is not required. Evercore offers a 
high quality, collegial and collaborative environment and a rapidly expanding research 
platform where exceptional contributors can look forward to longer-term career 
opportunities. This position is located in New York (with some flexibility). PRIMARY 
RESPONSIBILITIES: . Author industry and company-specific research reports . Deep analysis of 
scientific literature to inform investment theses and analysis of therapeutic areas . Assist team 
in expansion of coverage through initiation reports . Oversee data collection and monitor 
investor news services . Develop and update company-specific and industry financial 
models . Perform financial and valuation analysis of covered companies in the 
biotechnology space . Other duties as necessary SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS: . Ability to 
analyze scientific literature and data . Excellent communication skills; the  entails significant 
writing and PowerPoint responsibilities . Demonstrated interest in corporate finance & equity 
markets . Exceptional analytical capabilities . Scientific background preferred . Prior 
experience in investment banking, equity research, finance-related fields or industry a plus 
but not required

.	Barclays Capital Inc. seeks a VP, Equity Research Analyst for its 745 Seventh Avenue, 
New York, NY 10019 location. Duties: Perform financial analysis of company data with 
coverage of the Latin American (LATAM) Real Estate and Infrastructure sector. Perform 
modeling of financial data to derive valuation of stocks under coverage. Analyze financial 
statements, company filings, and earnings transcripts, in order to write industry research, 
perform valuations, and recommend stocks to investors. Maintain and update financial 
models, and communicate with external clients (company management and investors) 
during quarterly earnings. Review and analyze company-specific and industry drivers, in 
order to prepare, write, and initiate equity research reports on companies in the airport and 
airline industry in LATAM. Work with internal Sales team to create financial models and sales 
decks for Initial Public Offerings and equity transactions. Use Bloomberg and Reuters to 
maintain databases and monitor industry trends including airline traffic, airport statistics, and 
rent evolution, among others. Develop and maintain external client relationships with high-
level company executives including Chief Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officers, and 
regulatory authorities. Regular travel to LATAM, Europe, and Americas to attend industry 
events, conferences, and client meetings. Requirements: Bachelor's degree or foreign 
equivalent in Finance, Economics, or closely related field plus five (5) years of post-
baccalaureate progressive experience in position offered or in a related LATAM Equity 
Research Analyst role for a global financial services firm. Must have at least four (4) years of 
experience with each of the following required skills: Performing financial modeling for real 
estate investment trusts sector (REITS) and infrastructure companies in Latin America (LATAM); 
Using Bloomberg and Reuters to forecast financial trends and project Income Statements, 
Cash Flows, and Balance Sheets; Performing valuation analysis using Discounted Cash Flow, 
asset valuation, replacement cost valuation, rent analysis and comparables analysis; and 
Developing and maintaining relationships with regulators, government authorities, and 
institutional investors. FINRA Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 certifications required within six (6) months 
of hire.  requires up to 30% of time spent on fully-reimbursable business travel to LATAM, 
Europe, and Americas to attend industry events, conferences, and client meetings.


.	As an Analyst/Associate in Equity Research, you may help to conduct and facilitate 
industry analysis and company-specific coverage. This involves core research ranging from 
dissecting earnings releases and regulatory filings to assessing relevant news events, 
modeling financial statements and industry dynamics, performing detailed valuation work, 
writing research notes and sector pieces, and speaking to internal/external clients and 
management teams about the stocks/sector. You will work with our partners in both sales 
and trading to provide comprehensive client coverage, including fulfilling client requests for 
market updates and market intelligence. Research is fast-paced, demanding and 
intellectually stimulating. We look for candidates who possess strong accounting, finance, 
quantitative and business writing/communication skills, as well as modelling, forecasting, and 
valuation experience. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: 
· Heavy emphasis on quantitative skills · Ability to multi-task and collaborate within a team 
environment · Strong organizational skills and ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic 
environment · Experience in research, investment banking or another analytical and 
demanding role · Advanced level of proficiency in Excel · Strong written and oral 
communication skills · A passion for the markets and interest in industry specific coverage · A 
CFA, or progress toward a CFA, is a plus

.	Equity Research Associate

.	Equity Research Associate The candidate will support the Senior Analyst covering 
Biotechnology at Mizuho Securities located in NY. Key responsibilities include modeling, 
gathering and analyzing industry information, developing earnings models and writing 
reports on companies under coverage. Candidates should be able to clearly communicate 
investment ideas and industry information to internal sales team and external investors. Key 
Responsibilities . Build dynamic industry models consisting of integrated Income 
Statement/Balance Sheet/Cash Flow Statements . Sourcing alternative data sets and 
simplifying and summarizing complex scientific information for inclusion in research reports . 
Writing Research reports and creating marketing presentations . Conducting proprietary 
research evaluating the competitive landscape, analyzing industry news and company 
filings . Monitoring scientific industry news and trends . Maintaining relationships with industry 
contacts  . Strong analytical and financial modeling skills using Excel . Effective written and 
oral communication skills . Organizational and time management skills . Ability to function 
independently while maintaining a collegial and collaborative approach to working with 
other team members . Minimum of two years direct or related work experience. Prior, direct 
experience a plus . Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience and 
capabilities . An advanced degree (MBA) or CFA and / or Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 licenses a 
plus


.	Overview Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP (SFG) delivers grass roots independent 
research coverage on a universe of roughly 250 stocks across five different industry verticals. 
We combine that with an understanding of the listed options and ETF markets to provide a 
more comprehensive view of the markets. We service the US institutional account base 
comprised of mutual funds, hedge funds and pension/endowment funds, by impacting their 
investment process and helping them perform in the marketplace. As an Intern in SFG’s 
Equity Research Department, you will be embedded in an analyst team in a specific sector 
of coverage which may include Financials, Consumer/Internet, Energy/Industrials and 
Technology. You will work with Senior Research Analysts and Associates to provide insight into 
the sector and expose you to different methodologies used to fundamentally analyze 
publicly listed companies. You will also be contributing directly to products delivered into the 
marketplace. Interns will assist in the production of equity research for the sector under 
coverage. Equity research entails researching every aspect of the company's business to 
determine whether the company's stock price is going to go up, down, or stay in the same 
trading range over both the near and long term. Interns will work with their team to perform 
financial and valuation analysis by generating financial models and forecasts and will create 
competitive profiles on specific companies. The  offers excellent, in-depth exposure to a 
Wall Street financial services firm and provides a strong career path in sell-side equity 
research, asset management, and business development/corporate strategy. We are 
looking for students with a passion for investment finance and an interest in the financial 
markets. The ten week summer program serves as our primary hiring source for our full time 
Equity Research & Research Sales Development Programs. What we're looking for . Strong 
quantitative and analytical skills . Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite, specifically Excel . 
Strong communication skills and the ability to interact effectively with all levels of the 
organization . Attention to detail and the ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced 
environment . Interest in financial markets and specifically equity research . Will not require 
sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future . Intention to graduate with a . or 
master’s degree within one year of the internship program

.	Equity Research Associate - TMT (Software)

.	The Equity Research Associate will be responsible for supporting the lead analyst in 
every aspect of the research process including, but not limited to, industry analysis, 
technology and product analysis, financial modeling, data gathering, valuation analysis, 
authoring reports, and more. Responsibilities: Support coverage of stocks, including 
monitoring news flow, processing new information including earnings updates and SEC filings, 
and generating new ideas and evolving and maintaining our investment thesis . Support the 
team in researching innovative private companies . Communicate investment theses to both 
sales and trading, and clients . Collaborate with other associates and the lead analyst on 
Industry analysis, planning events and conferences, and conducting surveys. Required 
Background/Skills: . Strong writing and communication skills . Strong financial modeling skills, 
or a demonstrated ability to ramp quickly in this regard . A deep appreciation for client 
service . Willingness to work long hours as required . Deep desire and open mindedness to 
learn . Work as a team player . A passion for stocks . 1 years of combined experienced in 
Investment Banking, Equity Research, the Software Industry, and/or related experience . CFA 
or MBA not required but preferred . An understanding of technology, specifically Software, 
preferably an understanding of enterprise technology








.	Research Associate
.	BMO Capital Markets
.	New York, NY

.	As part of the Institutional Equity Research team, the Research Associate partners 
with a Research Analyst to perform extensive industry and company analysis, data sourcing, 
creating and maintaining models and assisting the Analyst with writing company and 
industry reports and First Call notes. The Research Associate generally will specialize within a 
particular sector. Financial and valuation models Conduct financial analysis of industry 
groups and individual securities including valuation and analysis of financial statements and 
metrics Examining financial reports, organizing data and collected material Presenting and 
summarizing data in formats such as table, graphs, or maps Research and report generation 
Develop research projects and formulating research strategies either independently or with 
the Analyst Conducting primary research using electronic databases, industry overviews, 
surveys, and other methods Draft reports/notes on relevant investment themes and events 
that are company specific and/or industry specific. Incorporating data into research reports 
and assisting the Analyst in preparation of final research reports, presentations, speeches, 
slides or similar product. Industry expertise Keep abreast of industry events such as new 
regulation, technological innovation, etc. and be capable of flagging new information 
Develop a network of contacts within the sector Client/Sales communication Respond to 
client/sales queries Interact with company management, internal equity sales forces and 
traders, and institutional clients Conferences/field trips Coordinate and organize conferences 
and field trips on behalf of the Analyst. Knowledge BA or BS in Accounting, Finance or 
related field 2-3 years relevant industry experience preferred MBA, CPA and/or CFA 
certification as well as series 7, 63, 86, and 87 licenses are a plus Advanced knowledge of 
Excel Strong understanding of securities analysis Knowledge of sector industry preferred. Skills 
Strong financial modeling experience Strong written, organization, and time management 
skills are needed to be successful Team player, ability to work well and coordinate with others 
Enthusiastic, intelligent and proactive Detail oriented with ability to multitask Strong 
interpersonal and communication skills High level of curiosity and motivation

.	Citi Research is seeking a Senior Associate to join our Asset Management & Specialty 
Finance teams in New York City. In this position, the individual’s primary responsibilities will 
include industry analysis and company-specific stock coverage, including analyzing earnings 
releases and regulatory filings, assessing relevant news events, updating and maintaining 
quantitative models, performing detailed valuation work, writing research notes and sector 
pieces, and speaking to internal/external clients. This is a fast-paced, demanding and 
intellectually stimulating role that typically requires long hours, a passion for in-depth analysis 
and stock picking, generating creative research ideas and the ability to write clear and 
concise research notes. Candidates must be adaptable, have the ability to work well under 
pressure, and be able to work independently while meeting tight deadlines. QUALIFICATIONS: 
· Experience in buy side or sell side research, or investment banking is required; experience 
within the financial sector is strongly preferred · The ideal candidate will be detail oriented 
and will possess strong organization, interpersonal and written skills · The ideal candidate 
should be adept in switching between periods of heavy quantitative modeling and periods 
of more qualitative writing and presentation skills · Proficiency with Word, PowerPoint and 
Excel is required; Experience with financial modeling is required · The ideal candidate should 
have a minimum of a BA/BS with a strong academic record. An MBA, CFA or progress 
towards a CFA is a plus · Securities licensing is a plus (Series 7/63 and 86/87)

.	We Offer HOLT is a value-based, return on capital framework proprietary to Credit 
Suisse that provides differentiated investment research. HOLT provides an objective view of 
over 18,000 companies in 65 countries worldwide using a rigorous methodology that 
examines accounting information, converts it to cash and then values that cash. The 
corporate performance framework is the foundation for the HOLT valuation model - an 
objective, long-term valuation discounted cash flow model. Embedded in the valuation 
model is a company specific life-cycle framework, which forecasts baseline long-term 
patterns of change in economic returns and growth, using empirical research on how 
thousands of companies with similar characteristics have performed in the past. Credit Suisse 
HOLT is looking for exceptional candidate to join their Investment Strategy Team in New York. 
The team brings to bear the data from the HOLT framework for quantitative applications and 
portfolio analytics. Responsibilities: . Bring to bear data from the HOLT framework to conduct 
client portfolio reviews that analyze the fundamental profile of a client's portfolio relative to a 
benchmark, helping clients understand the benefits and risks of various portfolio profiles and 
also discussing individual holdings through the HOLT framework. . Bring to bear data from the 
HOLT framework to produce research reports focused on market themes, quantitative 
strategies, sector and geographic allocation, portfolio positioning, and the benefits of HOLT 
data. . Assist in constructing, improving, and maintaining the HOLT factor library of 
fundamental factor signals for use in client-facing tools, data products, and custom client 
strategies. . Assist in the construction of custom portfolios / strategies for clients based on 
desired factor exposures, themes, or portfolio optimization techniques. . Conduct analysis 
using the HOLT framework to generate industry and company specific insights for clients. This 
entails building a sound knowledge of both the HOLT framework and the economics of 
various sectors. . Understand market signals and how they apply to the fundamental and 
quantitative investment process. . Build and maintain a client network through client 
meetings, conferences, and bespoke projects to drive client impact. . Collaborate with a 
wide range of teams within Credit Suisse (Equity Research, Prime Services, Derivatives, Cash 
Sales, etc.) to build incremental business. Credit Suisse maintains a Working Flexibility Policy, 
subject to the terms as set forth in the Credit Suisse United States Employment Handbook. You 
Offer . We are looking for a candidate with real passion for the market and interest in 
learning and applying our advanced equity valuation framework. You are able to 
demonstrate in interest in the stock market, quantitative investing, portfolio construction, and 
individual company analysis. . You have a BS degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, 
Engineering, Mathematics, or other technical field. MBA or PhD a plus. . Deep knowledge of 
accounting and finance. CFA, CFA or CRM (or progress toward) are considered a plus. . 2 -5 
years meaningful industry experience on the buy side, sell side, or FinTech. . Strong 
quantitative and analytical skills. Experience with quantitative investing and portfolio 
construction a plus. . Excellent written and verbal skills, and strong interpersonal skills 
(individual interaction as well as presentations to large groups). . Experience with FactSet, 
Bloomberg, Axioma (or other Risk Model), or S&P Clarifi a plus. . Experience with R and other 
statistical or data analysis or visualization tools/languages a plus. . Experience with analyzing 
large data sets is a plus





.	
Jefferies is seeking an equity research associate to support the Natural Resources Group 
covering Steel. The candidate will support the bank research team in delivering extensive 
company and industry research, constructing detailed financial/valuation models, and 
marketing written research recommendations to clients and institutional salespeople. 
Responsibilities will include: . Creation and maintenance of earnings and valuation models. . 
Analysis of industry trends and compilation of findings . Production of weekly and monthly 
written research publications. . Development of relationships with management teams and 
industry contacts . Communication of stock views and industry themes to institutional 
investors, trading desks, and other internal constituencies within Jefferies. Key qualifications: . 
1-3 years of sell-side, equity research experience covering Industrials, Metals & Mining or 
Steel . FINRA Licenses 7, 63, 86 and 87 . Extremely strong work ethic with a focus on 
teamwork. . Superior verbal and written communication skills. . Quantitative aptitude and 
proficiency in Excel. . Detail-oriented and able to manage multiple projects. . Intellectual 
interest in equity markets and macroeconomics.

.	Equity Research Associate - Hardlines
.	years, is a leader in providing insight, expertise and execution to investors, 
companies and governments. Our firm provides a full range of investment banking, advisory, 
sales and trading, research and wealth management services across all products in the 
Americas, Europe and Asia. Jefferies Group LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jefferies 
Financial Group Inc. (NYSE: JEF), a diversified financial services company. Responsibilities 
include: . Draft research reports including, alerts, company updates, industry notes and 
initiations . Maintain, update, and analyze large databases (commodities, valuation comps, 
product pricing, etc.), including but not limited to syndicated data from Nielsen . Maintain 
and update financial models and perform due diligence when necessary . Candidates 
should have a strong interest in working in the securities industry . Closely monitor consumer 
packaged goods industry news and trends . Interact with company management teams, 
internal corporate constituencies (e.g., sales and trading), and buy-side clients  & Skills: . 
Candidate with experience in Equity Research and/or Investment Banking preferred; 
experience covering consumer packaged goods industry with an emphasis on the food 
sector is strongly preferred . Candidate must be a self-starter, very detail-oriented, resourceful, 
hard-working, and comfortable initiating contact and interacting with research sources . 
Candidate must possess a strong financial acumen, including competencies in 
accounting/financial modeling, securities valuation, and an aptitude toward financial 
markets . Candidate must have strong writing skills and the ability to work independently . 
Candidate must have strong listening, verbal, written communication, and organizational 
skills . Candidate with Series 7, 63, 86, & 87 licenses preferred
.	Your Role Are you gifted at assessing value and risk? Do you have a strong interest in 
analyzing companies? We’re looking for someone like that who can: -Work closely with 
Consumer / Retail analysts in a variety of different roles -Assist in the construction, accuracy 
and maintenance of detailed company specific financial models -Draft individual company 
and sector-wide research reports for distribution to the UBS sales force, as well as clients -
Analyze industry data to describe current and long-term trends -Provide investment 
recommendations based on earnings projections, valuation and risk assessment -Conduct 
extensive valuation analysis on stocks in the Consumer / Retail sector -Create exhibits and 
presentations for sales and clients -Update and maintain analyst marketing presentations -
Communicate with both institutional clients and internal clients to convey investment 
recommendations and ideasJoin us We're a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of 
people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we 
support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds 
interesting, apply now.Disclaimer / Policy Statements UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, 
perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.Your team You’ll be working in the 
Global Research – Retail team in New York, NY. Your role will work in partnership with a Senior 
Analyst and team to perform equity research and analysis of publicly traded companies. We 
help our clients identify and access the investments that match their specific objectives.Your 
expertise Bachelor's degree or international equivalent in Finance, Economics or Accounting 
-Experience in the evaluating companies -Top-notch customer service focus and attitude for 
clients -The ability to perform under pressure and meet time sensitive deadlines -A good 
handle on accounting, including reviewing and interpreting annual reports and financial 
statements -Solid know-how of Microsoft Excel

.	
GLOBAL INVESTMENT RESEARCH From macroeconomic forecasts to individual stock analysis, 
our team develops tools and insights to help shape investment strategies for clients and the 
firm. Our analysts work on client-focused research in the equity, fixed-income, currency, and 
commodities markets, mining big data that enters markets around the world each day to 
identify game-changing insights. You’ll be part of a team that is intellectually curious, 
creative, analytical, and passionate about performing market research. RESPONSIBILITIES 
AND QUALIFICATIONS Working closely with the Senior Analyst and other members of the 
video games, toys, and internet team, the goal of the Business Analyst is to: . Build strong 
industry knowledge of the video games, toys, and internet sectors . Contribute to the 
generation and execution of investment ideas . Write reports/notes on companies under 
coverage . Communicate with equity sales and traders, clients, and company 
management . Interpret data and perform analysis on market, economic and technology 
trends . Develop financial models  . 1-2 years of experience in investment research . Strong 
financial modeling and analysis experience . Working knowledge of accounting, finance, 
and valuation . Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-energy environment . Comfortable 
taking initiative and being resourceful/entrepreneurial . Ability to multi-task and work with 
numerous teams . Experience covering the video games, toys, or internet industries is a plus 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment 
banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial 
services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial 
institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New 
York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.© The Goldman


.	SIG's Equity Research Department is looking for talent that wants to be a part of a 
ranked research platform. In order to continue the success of delivering a differentiated 
research product, we are looking for an Equity Research Associate to provide research 
support for the Internet sector in our New York office. The role will be mentored by a well 
known Sr. Analyst. Under the guidance of the Senior Analyst, the Research Associate will 
perform most of the major functions of a research analyst, including analysis of individual 
company financial statements, market research, product and competitive positioning. The 
Equity Research Associate’s role calls for significant primary market research of the Internet 
industry. The ideal candidate will conduct data collection, statistical studies and interaction 
with management and trade associations. The Associate will perform financial and valuation 
analyses by generating financial models and forecasts and will create competitive profiles 
on specific companies. The  offers excellent exposure to emerging growth companies in the 
tech sector and provides a strong career path in sell-side Equity research, asset 
management, and business development/corporate strategy. In this role, you will: . Provide 
primary analytical support for the Senior Analyst covering the space . Conduct proprietary 
research, customer/partner interviews and industry surveys . Perform financial and valuation 
analysis by generating financial models/forecasts and competitive profiles on companies 
under coverage . Gather and analyze data from a variety of sources, including, but not 
limited to, company documents and materials, SEC/regulatory filings (annual reports, 10-K’s 
10-Q’s, etc.), industry publications, trade shows, and online data services . Interact with 
company management, internal sales force, and institutional investors . Monitor and 
evaluate company news and events . Perform other related duties, as assigned What we're 
looking for . Bachelor’s degree, preferably in a subject matter which illustrates strong problem 
solving and independent thinking skills whether in liberal arts or quantitative areas such as 
finance, economics, engineering or mathematics . 2-3 years of full-time work experience in 
sell/buy side research, industry (such as Internet) or financing/accounting . Series 7, 63, 86 
and/or 87 a plus, but not required . Excellent research, writing, communication, and 
organization skills; candidates must be very detail oriented . Working knowledge of Microsoft 
products (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint and Word) . Independent thinker and self-starter with 
the motivation to learn about and excel in a dynamic industry

.	Morgan Stanley Investment Research is one of the financial industry's dominant 
thought leaders in equity and fixed-income investing and is a vital link between the Firm's 
varied business divisions. Our analysts, economists, and strategists have earned this 
reputation through timely, in-depth analysis of companies, industries, markets, and the world's 
economies. Our highly regarded equity analysts--who cover over 2,300 stocks globally and 
are organized by country, region, and global industry--develop key investment ideas and 
themes that are used by buy-side firms to structure portfolios as well as by the Morgan 
Stanley sales force in its interaction with investing clients; and provide valuable insights on 
market-moving events to the firm's traders and their clients. A career in investment research 
at Morgan Stanley demands a commitment to excellence and a passion for the markets as 
well as the highest level of integrity. Alphawise is leading the charge on data strategy and 
management in Morgan Stanley Research. Given the growing strategic importance of data, 
the Alphawise is a key enabler to both the “Offense” (generating new commercial 
opportunities) and “Defense” (ensuring proper data use and risk management). The group is 
seeking a self-starter Sector Strats with previous experience in data analysis and modeling. 
The role is dynamic, fast paced and interacts with multiple stakeholders. The Sector 
Quant/Strats team in Equity Research is seeking talented, self-motivated, and hard-working 
candidates in New York, both Associate and VP level, to conduct innovative quantamental 
research by working with our first-class equity analyst teams. Primary responsibilities include: . 
Combine quantitative processes with fundamental insights to identify industry key 
performance indicator, develop sector-specific signals, build conviction on a call, predict 
stock returns, and track company specific risks etc. . Develop, backtest, and implement 
statistics models to test the efficacy of sector data; Explore and evaluate alternative data to 
gain insights into new alpha . Build tools to query, clean, analyze raw data through 
databases, and work closely with data and technology team to ensure data quality and 
delivery . Publish leading research insight notes and present at industry conferences . Actively 
source new ideas and collaborate with other research teams; Partner closely with 
sales/marketing, providing quant proof statements to both internal and external clients Skills 
Desired . 2-7 years of buy-side experience in a role combining fundamental and quantitative 
analysis . Experience in statistics/econometrics modeling, proficiency working with alternative 
data, large dataset, machine learning, data mining, and numerical methods . Advanced 
degree in quantitative field such as statistics, computer science, engineering, mathematics 
or finance, PhD preferred . Strong programming skills including Q/kdb, Python, C/C , R, 
Matlab, JAVA . Creative thinking and problem-solving skills; able to decompose complex 
problems into manageable pieces . Strong verbal and written communication skills; able to 
present quant solutions clearly to both internal and external clients . Team oriented; able to 
collaborate with a range of functional teams and resolve conflicts as necessary . 
Knowledge/experience in equity factor model and fundamental research a plus


.	Based on experience and depth of resources, Global Equity Research provides the 
financial strategic advice necessary for successful asset management. The Equity Research 
group is dedicated to providing insightful analysis of global stock markets and companies. 
What will you be doing? In this role, you will have the opportunity to analyze industry macro 
trends and company financials under the direction of a ranked Food & Staples Retailing 
Senior analyst. You will build and maintain financial models and industry databases for 
evaluating companies and market segments. You will also review business and trade 
publications, annual reports, financial filings and other sources in order to gather, synthesize 
and interpret data on companies followed by the Senior analyst. You will prepare research 
reports varying in size and scope from quick briefs on earnings results or strategic events to 
more in-depth, original thought pieces on a range of topics. You must be proficient in 
authoring written reports and will be responsible for communicating recommendations to 
sales, trading, management teams, institutional investor clients and other important 
stakeholders. In addition, you will help develop marketing materials for clients and attend 
industry conferences where appropriate. Candidates need to possess a strong sense of 
intellectual curiosity, unwavering attention to detail and adaptability to work in a dynamic 
work environment. What we’re looking for: . Strong academic background; BA 4 years 
sellside consumer staples research experience or related consumer investment banking 
experience. MBA/CFA required. . Solid experience in business modeling, financial statement 
analysis and working with large data sets in the consumer/retail sectors required (4 years) . 
Demonstrated excellence in written and verbal communication skills (4 years) Skills that will 
help you in the role: . Knowledge of covered companies strongly preferred . Strong analytical 
and problem solving skills . Ability to multi-task with strong attention to detail . Demonstrated 
ability to work in a time sensitive environment . Ability to work effectively in a team 
environment . Resourcefulness, entrepreneurial spirit and proven leadership qualities . Strong 
PC literacy or demonstrated aptitude to learn quickly

.	: Neuberger Berman is an employee-owned global investment management firm 
with over $300 billion in assets under management. The private equity group of the firm, NB 
Private Equity, is a leading and growing investor in private markets, managing over $60 billion 
of client commitments since inception. . Our investment strategies include: . Primary fund 
investments: Invest in private equity funds across asset classes (buyout, special situations, 
growth equity and venture capital) and geographies (North America, Europe, Asia and Latin 
America); . Secondaries: Acquire limited partnership interests in seasoned private equity 
funds; . Equity Co-Investments: Invest directly in private companies alongside private equity 
sponsors; . Private Credit: Invests on a primary or secondary basis in junior and senior private 
debt instruments, including first and second lien, unitranche, mezzanine and preferred 
instruments, in profitable and cash-generative private equity-owned companies; . Specialty 
Strategies: differentiated strategies that include (i) acquisitions of minority equity interests in 
asset management companies; (ii) brand royalties; (iii) Italian direct investments; and (iv) 
investments based on products and services in the healthcare sector, among others. The 
Client Solutions Group within NB Private Equity is focused on developing and implementing 
the fundraising strategy for the overall group and individual fund offerings. Activities covered 
by this group include, but are not limited to, responding to requests for proposals (“RfPs”); 
creating and updating presentation materials covering NB Private Equity and its offerings; 
building customized separate account proposals; coordinating the fundraising process 
across NB Private Equity’s commingled funds; managing NB Private Equity’s communications 
and public branding; organizing and coordinating onsite meetings for clients, and serving as 
a source of information for the broader Neuberger Berman sales teams regarding Private 
Equity funds and strategies in the market. As a part of this team, the analyst will gain 
experience in all areas of the platform. Responsibilities: . Liaise with portfolio managers and 
sales force, legal, finance, and operations teams to deliver materials and prepare responses 
to RfPs and other prospect / client inquiries; . Work closely with investment teams to provide 
communication and updates internally and externally during fundraising processes; . Assist in 
the production of presentation materials; . Organize and coordinate onsite meetings for 
clients; . Manage public exposure through our annual meeting, industry conferences, 
databases and seminars. Requirements: . Undergraduate degree in economics, finance, 
management or marketing; . 1 - 3 years of relevant professional experience (i.e., investment 
banking, private equity or placement agent); . Excellent academic credentials; . Strong 
organizational skills; . Remarkable attention to detail; . Strong judgment, maturity and critical 
thinking skills; . Excellent communication, and ability to articulate and present ideas 
effectively both orally and in written form; . Ability to multi-task, team-player attitude and a 
desire to work on a wide range of projects and manage them effectively; . Initiative and 
creativity in approach to problem solving and to be resourceful; . Exhibits strong dedication 
to the  and takes ownership of deliverables; . Ability to move quickly up the learning curve.

.	As an Associate in Equity Research, you help to conduct and facilitate industry 
analysis and company-specific coverage. This involves core research ranging from dissecting 
earnings releases and regulatory filings to assessing relevant news events, modeling financial 
statements and industry dynamics, performing detailed valuation work, writing research 
notes and sector pieces, and speaking to internal/external clients and management teams 
about the stocks/sector. You will work with our partners in both sales and trading to provide 
comprehensive client coverage, including fulfilling client requests for market updates and 
market intelligence. Research is fast-paced, demanding and intellectually stimulating. We 
look for candidates who possess strong accounting, finance, quantitative and business 
writing/communication skills, as well as modeling, forecasting, and valuation experience. This 
role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including . Excellent quantitative 
skills; experience with financial modeling and accounting . Strong written and oral 
communication skills . Experience in equity research . Ability to multi-task and collaborate 
within a team environment . Strong organizational skills and ability to meet deadlines in a 
dynamic environment . Advanced level of proficiency in Excel; basic programming a plus . 
An MBA, CFA, or progress toward a CFA

.	 : The Global Credit Fund Management Analyst is responsible for assisting in all 
aspects of the accounting and fund management of the BDCs on the Carlyle Direct Lending 
platform ("CDL"), which is Carlyle's direct lending business unit that operates within the 
broader Carlyle Global Credit segment. This individual will coordinate and manage the 
review of the accounting close packages for Carlyle's BDCs, including liaising with front office 
professionals and conducting detailed valuation reviews and tie outs of senior loans (marked 
via model) and any opportunistic credit investments (marked to model, pricing services 
and/or broker quotes). The valuation review will also include performing subsequent event 
review and summarizing impacts for the individual's supervisor; facilitating the Independent 
Valuation Firm's review of valuations and analyses directly with front office professionals; 
reviewing valuations, including reviewing assumptions and conclusions and working with 
front office professionals to make adjustments as needed; and preparing the valuation 
materials for the Valuation Committee and Boards of Directors. This role therefore requires 
careful attention to detail and a solid understanding of valuation techniques for both liquid 
and illiquid credit products. This individual is expected to review closing packages in detail in 
conjunction with the junior analyst, with a thorough understanding of various accounting 
related considerations, including the effective interest method of amortization of discount, 
PIK accrual, incentive fees, credit facility costs accrual, budget to actual expense accrual 
adjustments and reforecasts, consolidation/elimination entries for wholly-owned subsidiaries, 
and accounting for multiple credit facilities. This individual also will assist with amendments to 
credit facilities as such occur. This individual is expected to work closely with the TPA on any 
adjustments needed to the closing packages, review tie-out packages done by the junior 
analyst and help resolve escalated issues. Once all aspects of the closing packages are 
reviewed and analyzed, this individual will review the tie-out of the quarterly financial 
statements (10-Qs and 10-Ks), including financial highlights and MD&A, and work with the 
junior analyst to communicate changes to the TPA. This individual will also help coordinate 
the production calendar for TPA, CDL Front Office, CDL Operations Teams and the auditors in 
order to meet corporate timelines for quarterly close. This individual will be consistently 
challenged to streamline the TPA and CDL data-warehouse processes to create further 
efficiencies within CDL in areas such as valuation, compliance, close, ENI/other corporate 
deliverables. This individual will also review quarterly tax diversification, income and 
distribution tests and annual tax returns, working closely with the TPA directly to correct any 
errors, and will be closely involved in the review of pre-trade compliance deal input, 
including working with the CCO on real-time stats for pre-trade compliance and deal 
allocation. This role will require detailed review of a variety of due diligence materials, 
including validation of performance data for fundraising and investor reporting purposes and 
regular coordination with front office and investor relations professionals. This individual will be 
involved in investor capital calls and distributions, which require detailed review of 
allocations and merged capital call and distribution notices in coordination with the TPA. This 
individual will be responsible for timely posting of these notices, as well as quarterly account 
statements, to the investor portals. This individual will oversee maintenance of the 
income/dividend forecast model for projecting net income and dividends, including tracking 
book-to-tax differences. Additionally, this individual will be in charge of management 
company accounting for revenues, expenses and placement fee arrangements, as well as 
reviewing coding of invoices in the expense payment system and coordinating payment of 
direct third party expenses and reimbursements to the Investment Manager. This individual 
will coordinate EY's (external auditor) quarterly review work, AUP and annual audit, working 
directly with EY throughout the audit to provide support for audit inquiries and manage timely 
delivery of signoff, as well as serving as the key point of contact for internal audit and EY for 
the firm's SOX assessment. This individual will be central in the documentation of controls 
effort, including taking charge of performing the key controls timely and coordinating the 
documentation of key controls with the team, as well as developing and enhancing control 
environment. This individual will coordinate and detail review credit facility deliverables, 
including servicing report, borrowing base, financial covenants, collateral quality tests, 
quarterly waterfalls, etc. and coordinate borrowing and repayment requests internally and 
with the lender groups frequently as needed Auto req ID: 1306BR At Capital One, we’re 
building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our 
customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure 
our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are 
succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an 
environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is 
powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior 
results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve 
with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their 
goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. 
Senior Business Analyst - People Analytics As a Senior Business Analyst at Capital One, you will 
apply your strategic and analytical skills to major company challenges. You will team with 
world-class professionals to develop and test strategies that ultimately impact the bottom 
line. And you will do it all in a collaborative environment that values your insight, encourages 
you to take on new responsibility, promotes continuous learning, and rewards innovation. 
Specific Responsibilities Include,  . Analysis: Identify business challenges and opportunities for 
improvement and solve for them using analysis to make strategic or tactical 
recommendations . Product: Perform modeling/analytics to assist new product and pricing 
strategies for various lending products . Marketing: Support direct-to-consumer marketing 
efforts for select products, and strategic intent for products distributed through the retail 
channel. Help build targeted insights to inform the design and development of new 
customer experiences, as well as breakthrough technology and concepts designed to 
deliver on new go to market strategies . Credit Risk: Support step-change improvements in 
credit performance by connecting drivers of future consumer credit trends to historical 
behavior, creating risk models, and testing hypotheses using rigorous monitoring and analysis . 
Execution: Involve problem frame-works, develop hypotheses, test and analysis, solution 
development, scope operational feasibility, lead implementation efforts and develop a 
monitoring plan . Partnership: Work closely with colleagues across Capital One including: IT, 
Sales, Operations, Finance and others to drive improvement in quality, volume, service, and 
profitability . Strategic & analytic orientation: A proven track record of decision making and 
problem solving based on analytics. Conceptual thinking skills must be complemented by a 
strong quantitative orientation, given that a large part of the business is based on rigorous 
analytic marketing & credit risk management . Strong business judgment, leadership and 
integrity: He/she should be a tenacious decision maker, able to bring a healthy, aggressive, 
yet responsible approach to business . Strong communication skills: Impeccable written and 
oral communication credentials, coupled with strategic influencing skills and the ability to 
drive agreement through intellect, interpersonal and negotiation skills . Clear results 
orientation: Display an intense focus on achieving both short and long term goals. He/she 
should be able to drive and execute an agenda in an uncertain and fluid environment . 
Successful track record of thriving in a fast paced, entrepreneurial and dynamic environment. 
Previous consulting experience is a plus Basic  . Bachelor’s Degree . At least 1 year of 
experience in analysis  . Master’s Degree . 1+ years of experience in Statistical model 
building . 1+ years of experience in market research . 1+ years of experience in SQL querying . 
2+ years of experience in business analysis . 1+ years of experience in consulting


.	Analyst/Associate will work directly with the head of our M&A Capital Markets 
business who formerly headed J.P. Morgan’s M&A risk arbitrage trading desk. 
Analyst/Associate primarily would focus on public market related analyses, including 
interpreting trading behavior of securities, helping corporate clients to position M&A/spin-offs 
and other corporate actions for optimum investor reception. The work spans not only CFA, 
but also ECM and M&A activities. Background in the markets (equities/debt/derivatives) 
would be helpful, as would knowledge of M&A. M&A Capital Markets sits within JPMorgan's 
Corporate Finance Advisory (CFA) group. CFA is comprised of experts in capital markets, 
corporate finance, M&A, tax, accounting, structured products and derivatives. The group sits 
in between the client coverage bankers and the product partners (M&A, Capital Markets, 
Derivatives, etc.) and gets pulled in to discussions or transactions where the client is looking 
to solve an issue that is new or unusual. These situations typically require coordinating 
between different product areas/ areas of expertise to come up with a solution. The group is 
involved on a daily basis in corporate finance discussions with clients and is involved in all 
major structured M&A transactions. J.P. Morgan's Investment Bankers help clients solve 
problems and seize opportunities - whether by raising capital or by shaping their corporate 
strategy and structure. As an Investment Banking Analyst/Associate, your responsibilities may 
include, but are not limited to, the following: . Assessing implications of 13F and 13D filings . 
Interpreting trading behavior of equity securities using industry standard and proprietary 
models . Building financial models to address new problems . Preparing presentation 
materials and participating in deal pitches . Conducting industry and product research . 
Learning and interacting with J.P. Morgan's clients, products, services, and business 
practices . Heavy interaction with our M&A and capital markets groups . Executing client 
transactions from start to closing  The work in Investment Banking is fast-paced, demanding, 
and intellectually stimulating and requires individuals who thrive in that type of environment. . 
We look for candidates with strong quantitative, analytical, and communication skills . You 
should also be adaptable, able to manage projects independently and ready to assume a 
high level of responsibility as a productive member of a team . Undergraduate degree 
required; focus in the sciences, engineering, or finance is strongly preferred. Graduate 
degree in similar fields will be a plus. . Existing experience in capital markets, sales & trading, 
or M&A is strongly preferred To be considered for this role, you may be required to complete 
a video interview powered by HireVue

.The Strategic Investments team (part of Corporate Sector, Private Investments) is seeking an 
Analyst with corporate finance, problem solving, influencing, and relationship building skills to 
partner with LOB (line of business) executives, other banks and market structure players in 
analyzing and executing strategic market structure/financial technology principal 
investments and other strategic collaborations. These initiatives are linked to topics at the top 
of senior management agendas and are sourced from group s external network and/or from 
LOB executives. Initiatives are executed in partnership with line and staff areas, drawing upon 
subject matter experts as needed. The role is based in New York. Responsibilities: . Reviewing 
and screening potential market structure/financial technology principal strategic investment 
and strategic collaboration opportunities in partnership with and on behalf of LOB Sponsors . 
Helping execute the related transaction (due diligence; deal structure/terms interacting with 
internal/external subject matter experts and advisors; obtaining required input from LOB 
Sponsors on key issues; seeking approvals; closing the deal) . Monitoring selected Strategic 
Investments portfolio companies (quarterly valuations and write-ups, monitoring relevant 
developments, assisting in selected strategic initiatives such as M&A, follow-on rounds, 
divestitures, making recommendations on corporate actions to LOB Sponsors) Candidates 
should have a strong undergraduate academic record and previous experience at a 
leading firm in Investment Banking/Mergers & Acquisitions in financial services and/or 
technology and/or Principal Investing (private equity or venture capital). Experience in 
Strategy Consulting and market structure/financial technology is a plus. Within such role(s), 
experience in M&A and the strategic skillset to assess opportunities analytically and 
conceptually is required. Exposure to structured problem solving, deal structuring and 
negotiations is a plus. The successful candidate should also possess the following attributes: . 
A strong interest in financial markets . Strong judgment, self-starter able to work 
independently and multi-task . Excellent written and verbal communications skills . Distinctive 
financial modeling, analytical problem solving skills . Conceptual problem solving skills . 
Professional maturity and personal integrity . Strong work ethic . Robust interpersonal skills
The Team: The Technology Product Management (TPM) team focuses on building products 
such as Big Data capabilities, advanced analytics, workflow solutions and customer portals 
for customers we serve. This creative team covers products across financial asset classes and 
drives continuous improvements through product innovation and usability. The Impact: 
Reporting to the TPM Lead, you will play a key role in the successful buildout of new product 
initiatives and support for our offerings to our end users. You will work alongside 
representatives in our business to define executable requirements that are aligned with 
customer needs as well as the broader S&P Global strategy and goals. What’s in it for you? 
You are going to be working in a dynamic group with cross-functional resources and will be 
responsible for working closely with end users, Product Managers and internal partners to 
identify and respond to meaningful developments. You will be a key contributor to agile 
processes include product backlog grooming, scrum meetings and sprint planning. 
Responsibilities and Key Skills . Knows and practices the values and principles of Agile, 
demonstrating the importance of the same to others. . Able to communicate effectively with 
non-technical internal and external clients and other stakeholders . Proven analytical and 
problem-solving abilities, results-oriented, and applies common sense . Develops a thorough 
understanding of the product and is able to share that knowledge with others . Assists the 
Product line leads with tracking overall release progress, key activities and weekly/monthly 
reporting . Helps with troubleshooting issues, support requests, and requests for change . 
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks to meet deadlines . Additional tasks or 
responsibilities as needed by the teams Minimum  - Requirements of  . 1-2 years of relevant 
work or internship experience . Bachelor’s degree or equivalent knowledge, skills and 
experience . Familiarity with the Agile values and principles . Experience with the Scrum 
framework and Kanban Behaviors & Traits . Company Values: Creative, Collaborative, 
Competitive . Highly ethical . Comfortable not knowing answers, but resourceful and able to 
resolve issues . Open to receiving and providing feedback . Highly self-motivated and 
directed . Flexible and adaptable; willing to learn and understand new ways of doing things . 
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills . Enjoys and takes pride in their 
work, loves to help people and can work well independently and in groups


.	The Junior Portfolio Analyst will work closely with the Portfolio Managers within the 
Fraenkel Group in Private Asset Management. The Junior Portfolio Analyst will partner with the 
Portfolio Associates to support the team in their day-to-day client relationship, business 
development and account maintenance goals. In addition, this position will develop to 
include allocation of trades and research of portfolio holdings. This position will provide the 
individual with a perspective on the Neuberger Berman Private Asset Management business. 
Responsibilities: . Review and maintain client accounts, including trading activity, portfolio 
weightings, funds availability and asset inflows/outflows. . Prepare materials for client 
meetings, requests and communications. . Answer, screen and route high volume of time 
sensitive phone calls . Interact with operations and middle office to resolve any issues. . Work 
directly with clients to process specific trade requests and address portfolio inquiries. . 
Perform ad hoc projects for various Managers. . Support the team with client and prospect 
contact management, including CRM maintenance. . Liaise and establish strong 
relationships with internal teams (marketing, performance, analytics, billing, operations, and 
legal) to ensure client portfolio and reporting needs are met. . Provide trading support for 
Portfolio Managers—including allocation of trades to individual accounts. . Oversee and 
allocate trades across accounts while adhering to individual client’s investment objectives, 
funds availability, trade restrictions, family relationships, account size, current position 
weightings, tax sensitivity and liquidity issues. . Gain expansive knowledge of core holdings 
and update Portfolio Managers of any economic, market or company specific news that 
may impact portfolio holdings. Requirements: . Strong achievement in undergraduate 
degree in finance, economics, marketing, or STEM. Preference for additional major/minor in 
the liberal arts. . Highly motivated team-player with a desire to work on a wide range of 
projects. . Exhibits high degree of integrity and interest in financial markets and investment 
strategy. . Ability to work well with different individuals and contacts of all levels of the 
business in a high pressure environment. . Detail-oriented with strong organizational and 
follow-up skills . Exhibits strong hustle factor: A natural inclination to help out and get things 
done. . Strong analytical, problem solving and project management skills. . Excellent 
presentation, business writing and oral communication skills. . Proficient in Microsoft 
PowerPoint, Word, Excel (including Pivot Tables and VLookup) . Must attain Series 7 and 66 
within three to six months of employment.





.	Top 20 words by importance (frequency in brackets):
modeling (71) Develop (59) preferred (63) quantitative (62) analytical (59) Excellent (44) 
Equity (154) Global (43) closely (38) Analyst (108) Analytics (29) Associate (75) Advanced (28) 
Research (341) Skills (226) strategic (35) Investment (200) Excel (46) valuation (76) Data (169)














